Children who spend more time outdoors have a lower risk of myopia.
The idea that reading makes you short-sighted has been popular for a couple of hundred years.
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
It is more time-efficient to do several tasks sequentially than attempt to do them simultaneously.
I should stop procrastinating.
I know you think you understood what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you realized that what you heard is not what I meant.
How can video games inspire us to make better applications for e-learning?
No, I'm not afraid of ghosts.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I'm not good at multitasking.
Any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion.
The Great Dane is a breed of domestic dog known for its giant size.
Everybody knows the moon is made of cheese.
Pastafarians believe that an invisible and undetectable Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe.
Bender often utters the phrase "Kill all humans", even if he always silently adds "except one" referring to Fry.
I am the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Thou shalt have no other monsters before Me. (Afterwards is OK; just use protection.) The only Monster who deserves capitalization is Me! Other monsters are false monsters, undeserving of capitalization.
I don't speak Catalan.
Man is kind enough when he is not excited by religion.
Religion consists in a set of things which the average man thinks he believes, and wishes he was certain.
God's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.
None of us can be as great as God, but any of us can be as good.
All gods are better than their conduct.
God, so atrocious in the Old Testament, so attractive in the New - the Jekyl and Hyde of sacred romance.
The Koran does not permit Mohammedans to drink. Their natural instincts do not permit them to be moral.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him till he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.
I don't believe there is anything in the whole earth that you can't learn in Berlin except the German language.
Never knew before what eternity was made for. It is to give some of us a chance to learn German.
I can understand German as well as the maniac that invented it, but I talk it best through an interpreter.
How charmed I am when I overhear a German word which I understand!
The Germans have an inhuman way of cutting up their verbs. Now a verb has a hard time enough of it in this world when it's all together. It's downright inhuman to split it up. But that's just what those Germans do. They take part of a verb and put it down here, like a stake, and they take the other part of it and put it away over yonder like another stake, and between these two limits they just shovel in German.
If the man doesn't believe as we do, we say he is a crank, and that settles it. I mean, it does nowadays, because now we can't burn him.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart, funny and beautiful girl like you.
No words can express how amazing you are.
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
There is something very charming about you.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
It's the first time in my life I've felt so connected with someone.
I would swim through the ocean just to see your smile again.
You know I'd do anything for your beautiful eyes.
You have very sexy legs.
The sound of your voice is like a siren's song to me.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
Find multilingual sentence equivalents at Tatoeba.org.
Ukraine is a country in Central and Eastern Europe.
Ukraine became independent again when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991.
Donetsk is a large city in eastern Ukraine on the Kalmius river.
The Great Jerboa is a species of rodent.
Jerboas look like kangaroos due to having many similarities such as long hind legs, very short forelegs, and long tails.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
Biologists view the chupacabras as a contemporary legend.
Stanisław Lem was born in 1921 in Lviv, Poland (now Ukraine).
The popularity of the chupacabras has resulted in it being featured in several types of media.
I don't speak Turkish.
The literal translation for the Spanish word "chupacabra" is "goat sucker."
Fear me, if you dare!
The draw for the final tournament took place on 2 December 2011 at the Ukraine Palace of Arts in Kiev, Ukraine.
Poe's Law is an axiom suggesting that it's difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish between parodies of religious or other fundamentalism and its genuine proponents, since they both seem equally insane.
History does not repeat itself, but it does rhyme.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
I don't speak Ukrainian.
It's national tell-a-lie day! And yes, I made that up.
I don't think I want to see what a fly considers paradise.
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world, in which one person whispers a message to another, which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.
Don't try to walk before you can crawl.
Interestingly, Hogwarts Quidditch players are allowed to use whatever broomsticks they like or their sponsors can afford, despite the fact that more expensive brooms often confer great (and arguably unfair) advantages in speed and manoeuvrability.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Tom called me a party pooper because I left the party just after midnight.
Gods don't kill people, people with gods kill people.
It's now very common to hear people say, "I'm rather offended by that", as if that gives them certain rights. It's no more than a whine. It has no meaning, it has no purpose, it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. "I'm offended by that." Well, so fucking what?
Swiper, no swiping!
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Scavenging is both a carnivorous and herbivorous feeding behavior in which the scavenger feeds on dead and decaying organic matter present in its habitat.
We all have experienced the serendipity of relevant information arriving just when we were least expecting it.
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
Entities must not be multiplied beyond necessity.
I am of the opinion that you would recognize a creator by his creation, and the world appears to me to be put together in such a painful way that I prefer to believe that it was not created by anyone than to think that somebody created this intentionally.
I hadn't known there were so many idiots in the world until I started using the Internet.
HTTP 2 just adds a new layer of complexity without solving any real-world problems.
I’m keeping my diary on Google+ so that no one reads it.
We hear the plop of a frog jumping into the canal.
Our best pictures of the human mind suggest that we don't plop our mental activities into single, ordered boxes.
Plop into the water and dive.
There is nothing like the dull thud of nylon on nylon.
The thud of hooves resonates around the ring.
Tom hit the dirty floor of the garage with a soft thud, a pool of blood surrounding his head like a halo.
Betty fell in love with Tom and killed him.
They finally succeeded after many months of travail.
We squelched across the muddy field.
Evolution is a tinkerer and not an engineer.
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
Game of Thrones has been credited with an increased popularity of fantasy themes and mainstream acceptance of the fantasy fandom.
I couldn't resist a touch of schadenfreude when he was defeated so heavily in the election.
I'm testing whether the language detection works again.
We moved the project to a new server.
Tatoeba is currently unavailable. We are sorry for the inconvenience. You can check our blog or Twitter for more information.
Is it true that you just got out of prison?
The Cheshire Cat is a fictional cat popularised by Lewis Carroll in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and known for its distinctive mischievous grin.
The entire area of the Dutch province of Flevoland used to lie on the bottom of the sea before 1930.
Between 1920 and 1968, the Dutch used dikes and pumps to shut off a shallow bay of the North Sea, and turn part of it into land.
Flevoland now has over 1,400 km² of land and over 400,000 inhabitants.
The Flevopolder, the southern island of Flevoland, is the biggest artificial island in the world with an area of 970 km².
The chickens have come home to roost.
You should come over.
My roommate is in Mexico. You should come over.
Tom's coming over tonight, so you know.
My husband is at a conference. Would you like to get some coffee?
We are humans and we are from Earth.
What would you call your non-binary parent?
What would you call the non-binary sibling of one of your parents?
Alex is non-binary.
Alex is genderqueer.
Alex's gender is neither male nor female, so they go by the pronoun "they."
What are your pronouns?
Volapük is surprisingly genderqueer-friendly.
"How's your sister?" "My sibling is non-binary, and they don't appreciate being called my sister."
"How's your boyfriend?" "My partner is non-binary; please do not call them a boy."
Tom is worried that Mary's new medicine is working just a bit too well.
You smell awful.
You smell terrible.
You stink.
If you think about, everyone is already a statistic.
Follow your own path and let people talk.
That's the right attitude.
Tom has the right attitude.
The main problem with antitheism is its negation of my divinity.
I'm a Pisces, which means I believe in astrology.
The Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives resigned in disgrace after being reprimanded for cheating on his taxes.
Tom is a crypto-fascist.
Tom is xenophobic.
Tom hates foreigners.
Tom is always on the lookout for suspicious people.
Tom projects all his insecurities onto people who look different from what he is used to.
Tom secretly wants his country to be purged of all foreign elements and return to a time that he views as its "golden age."
Have you tried turning it off and then turning it back on?
Try turning it off and then turning it back on.
Turn it off, then turn it back on.
Don't turn it off yet.
Make sure you save everything before you turn it off.
Tom is afraid of people who are more likely to be victims of violence at the hands of the majority than perpetrators of violence against it.
Tom harasses marginalized people on the Internet.
Tom is afraid of marginalized people.
Tom bullies marginalized people.
Tom wants to keep marginalized people out of public places.
Tom thinks the world would be much more convenient without marginalized people.
Eighty percent of Tom's vocabulary consists of snarl words like "social justice warrior" and "triggered."
Tom believes the philosophy of Ayn Rand is truly objective.
If God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.
We are women.
Women are people.
Both nocebo and placebo effects are presumably psychogenic.
Chickenpox in children is considered a mild illness, but your child will probably feel pretty miserable and irritable while they have it.
There is no specific treatment for chickenpox, but there are pharmacy remedies that can alleviate symptoms.
His Noodliness, the Flying Spaghetti Monster is the ultimate truth in the universe.
There was no sex in the Soviet Union.
Trigonometry studies relationships involving lengths and angles of triangles.
Are you English?
Are you Ukrainian?
Antananarivo is the capital of Madagascar.
Philosophers distinguish between a priori and a posteriori knowledge.
Catfish have no scales.
How much is it in dollars?
Mary's tattoo reads, "No gods, no masters!"
In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or engineer.
The liberty of man consists solely in this: that he obeys natural laws because he has himself recognized them as such, and not because they have been externally imposed upon him by any extrinsic will whatsoever, divine or human, collective or individual.
They say in a single breath: "God and the liberty of man," "God and the dignity, justice, equality, fraternity, prosperity of men" — regardless of the fatal logic by virtue of which, if God exists, all these things are condemned to non-existence.
In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker.
Work and pray, live on hay; you'll get pie in the sky when you die.
You'll get pie in the sky when you die – that's a lie.
The workers have no country.
Mary's dreams were finally materializing.
The inherent difficulty of quantifying prosperity complicates the question of which countries are most prosperous.
Every liberal movement for the equality of marginalized people internalizes the rhetoric that the people in power have used against them.
Tom declined to prosecute the person who stole from him, reasoning that the police and prison guards were far bigger criminals.
Some people just have hate in their hearts, and don't care who they hate, as long as they hate someone.
No, I am not an escort.
What seems to be the problem, officer?
Authority corrupts its holder and debases its victims.
To try to change men by law is just like trying to change your face by getting a new mirror. For men make laws, not laws men. The law merely reflects men as they are, as the mirror reflects your features.
It is just because fear of punishment has no deterrent effect that crime continues in spite of all laws and courts, prisons and executions.
It has been established that poverty and unemployment, with their attendant misery and despair, are the chief sources of crime. Is there any law to prevent poverty and unemployment?
It is the business of the politician, the "science of politics", to make you believe that the law protects you and your interests, when it merely serves to keep up the system which robs, dupes, and enslaves you in body and mind.
The trouble is not with impure politics, but that the whole game of politics is rotten.
The churches preach to you a gospel which they know you cannot live up to; they call upon you to become a "better man" without giving you the chance to do so. On the contrary, they uphold the conditions that make you "bad," while they command you to be "good."
It would serve no purpose to discuss those schools of Socialism (improperly so called) that do not stand for the abolition of capitalism and wage slavery.
The socialist insurgency expropriated the Apostolic Palace.
It's a shame the way he internalizes homophobia.
Mary's sparring partner had a seizure.
Every good fighter needs a sparring partner.
Mary bought a new sport utility vehicle so that her children would be comfortable when she drove them to soccer practice.
The insurgency was widely condemned in state-controlled mass media outlets.
Thirty television channels condemned the insurgency to give the impression of consensus, but all these channels were in the hands of three companies, each of whom had a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.
Occupying powers never consider an insurgency's cause to be valid.
The insurgency was ignored by televised media until their viewers read about it on the Internet and began to sympathize with the rebels.
The popularity of the Internet has led to full-time shills being paid by governments and corporations to pretend they are concerned citizens on social media.
"Collateral damage" is a euphemism for killing innocent people to protect capital.
How much is a pack of cigarettes?
I know a lot of French words, but it's difficult for me to combine them into sentences.
I'm not racist, but I vote for racist politicians with racist policy plans.
I'm not homophobic, but I have no problem with electroshock therapy for gay people.
I'm not a tyrant, but I rule a country without the consent of the majority of its population and intend to make drastic changes that most of them don't want.
I got mine; fuck you.
Tom claims he's not racist but just politically incorrect.
It does not necessarily get better, but it can if we make it.
The inmates have taken over the asylum.
We believe that Pirates were the original Pastafarians and that they were peaceful explorers.
The only good fascist is a dead fascist.
The Electoral College's vote formalized the undemocratic installment of the forty-fifth President of the United States.
Classical liberalism deifies abstractions and objectifies humans.
Fascists are enabled by liberals' preference for abstractions over people.
Liberals would rather endlessly debate abstractions than spend five minutes listening to another person's lived experience.
If someone victimizes LGBT people, their own LGBT status does not justify their actions.
Beware of anyone who claims objectivity.
The myth of objectivity has played a central role in colonialism, allowing the experience of the colonized to be easily discounted while the objectivity of the colonizer's justice system is never questioned.
Fascism is a social pathology to be eradicated at all costs.
Right-wing ideologues are quick to point out the pathology of gender dysphoria but slow to acknowledge its standard treatment, gender transition.
In this era of post-truth politics, it's easy to cherry-pick data and come to whatever conclusion you desire.
Some commentators have observed that we are living in a post-truth age.
There are thousands of Pastafarians in Ukraine.
The psychiatric diagnosis known as gender dysphoria can be induced in a cisgender person through the same hormone therapy that treats it in transgender people, as it was by the British government in Alan Turing, causing him to commit suicide.
Donald Trump is the living reductio ad absurdum of the decades-long debate over "political correctness."
Tom always rants to Mary about the supposed dangers of foreigners, but Mary is more afraid of Tom than anyone.
Tom is a chauvinist.
Salo is the Ukrainian cured pork fat and is the ultimate national food of Ukraine.
We're not buying those jeans. It's throwing good money after bad!
My friends think Pastafarianism is a joke.
Peppa Pig is four years old, and George is eighteen months old.
The Wise Old Elf lives in the same tree as Ben in room ninety-eight.
In my opinion, Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom is much more interesting, less annoying, and funnier than Peppa Pig.
Peppa Pig is a pleasant, light-hearted and fun programme for kids to watch.
She's madly in love with her.
He's madly in love with him.
My son is an Aspie.
Survivorship bias is the logical error of concentrating on the people or things that "survived" some process and inadvertently overlooking those that did not because of their lack of visibility.
Science builds planes and skyscrapers, but faith brings them together.
Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings.
He is a mutton-headed old mugwump.
To add insult to injury, she just found out she is pregnant.
Slowly but surely English is losing importance in Europe.
Tom is going for broke.
Anyone who believes that what is written in a holy book is true even if the evidence is against it is dangerous. Christianity used to be the most dangerous religion. Now Islam is.
Felicity was born an adorable kitten and grew up to be an adorable cat.
Tom's cat Felicity is skittish, but once you've befriended her, she won't leave you alone.
I have never seen a compelling argument for religion. If I ever saw one I'd convert.
The Nazis were as socialist as North Korea is democratic.
The Nazis were as socialist as the Holy Roman Empire was Roman.
Tom and Mary are anti-fascists.
Tom is an anti-fascist.
Mary is an anti-fascist.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his career in middle management.
Fascists avoid creating public outcry by victimizing groups that are already widely despised. Authoritarians cheer genocide as liberals look the other way because they don't want to appear too sympathetic to unpopular causes.
In the 21st century virtually every American considers themselves a dissident, even those who defend tradition and powerful institutions.
A Princeton study determined that the United States is either entirely ruled by financial elites or mostly ruled by them, with some ability in the latter case for non-elites to influence politics via special interest groups.
Mary is a whiz kid.
Excuse me, what's the soup du jour?
I'll have the soup du jour.
Tom is studying to become a physician's assistant.
Mary is studying to become a physician's assistant.
Tom has to perform elaborate rituals to alleviate his fear of spontaneous combustion.
Tom's plans failed to materialize.
He's dead as a doornail, Tom.
Mary told Tom in no uncertain terms that she would not remain friends with someone who didn't understand the personal impact of political decisions.
The civil disobedience of the dead was heroic; the civil disobedience of the living is extremist and criminal.
A queer person is not a conversation piece.
Tom ordered an open-faced sandwich with a side of fries.
I thought the brass section was a little off.
Mary was treated for deep vein thrombosis when she was pregnant with her second child.
Tom doesn't play a real instrument, but he does play a mean air guitar.
This new and improved coffee maker will revolutionize the way you start your morning.
Tom is an ambulance chaser.
Tom's political prospects dried up after the scandal, so he became a pundit for a conservative news station.
Mary's refrigerator from the 1970s still works; Tom's fridge from 2005 has already stopped working due to planned obsolescence.
The American director made an homage to spaghetti western films.
Quit being a putz, Tom.
You don't have to digitize everything, Tom.
Poor sanitation practices rendered Europe helpless against the Black Death.
Mary walks to the beat of her own drum.
Don't normalize reactionary extremists by calling them "conservatives."
Mary cannot have children.
Stop whingeing!
Religion is dying from decade to decade. It will take a while but the long arc of history is pointing in the right direction.
"Tom was the one who broke the window." "It figures. He's very careless."
The best way to get rid of an earworm is to replace it with another.
All cats are beautiful.
All cops are bastards.
Understood in its totality, the spectacle is both the result and the goal of the dominant mode of production. It is not a mere decoration added to the real world. It is the very heart of this real society's unreality. In all of its particular manifestations — news, propaganda, advertising, entertainment — the spectacle represents the dominant model of life. It is the omnipresent affirmation of the choices that have already been made in the sphere of production and in the consumption implied by that production. In both form and content the spectacle serves as a total justification of the conditions and goals of the existing system. The spectacle also represents the constant presence of this justification since it monopolizes the majority of the time spent outside the production process.
The dictator distracted the populace by tricking them into victimizing marginalized people.
Tom escapes from his increasingly oppressive life by victimizing people worse off than him.
Hitler rose to power not by promising to victimize Jews but by convincing the German people that Jews were victimizing them.
The unpopular, unelected dictator's appointee rolled back protections for vulnerable populations in the name of the majority.
Tom's dead as a doornail.
Transgender people are human beings, not conversation pieces.
Someone else's life is not a conversation piece.
Mary suffered deep vein thrombosis while she was pregnant.
Isn't that a spaghetti western, Tom?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is my favorite spaghetti western.
What's a spaghetti western, Tom?
The value of Tom's work was promptly redistributed to the shareholders.
Tom digitizes cookbooks for a living.
Dial 411 for directory assistance.
Mary's at the shooting gallery with Jeanette.
In times of great need, pet a cat.
Is that a mural of the building it's painted on?
You can't reanimate the dead.
Be careful not to inhale the spores; they're deadly.
Resources everyone uses should be community property. Personal items can continue to be personal property.
The absentee landlord requires a state to enforce his claims to the property.
Transphobia, also known as trans antagonism, is the main cause of the disparity between the mental health of transgender and cisgender people. Hormonal and surgical interventions are, in most cases, the best way to improve the mental health of transgender people.
The claim that nonbinary people do not have gender dysphoria is dated and runs contrary to current medical standards.
Progressives are always excited to learn the world is not as simple as they believed it was; reactionaries are angered by the very suggestion.
Boris asked me to give this to you.
Tom's eaten the majority of his pizza.
"I'm sorry, but your wife didn't make it." "Well, bring me the one my wife made."
What a stupid little twerp.
A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender asks them, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
The cat is, above all things, a dramatist; its life is lived in an endless romance though the drama is played out on quite another stage than our own, and we only enter into it as subordinate characters, as stage managers, or rather stage carpenters.
A man walks into a bar...
Palestine has the indisputable right to defend its territory.
Tom is a Pastafarian.
Tom believes heaven has a beer volcano and a factory producing strippers.
Tom has made great choices today and has been a great helper at tidy up time.
Tom independently cut out and ordered the pictures.
Tom was diagnosed with autism when he was three years old.
The guillotine may not be perfect but it's the best system we have.
I didn't know that was a thing.
Queer all languages!
All power to the syndicates!
A billion international auxiliary languages is never enough.
Twenty minutes later a little girl came traipsing along.
It got better!
Mary's cat always has to have whatever Tom's cat is having.
I'm a vegan, but my cat isn't.
All belongs to all.
The dictator accused Tom of treason for not applauding him.
Thank you for holding; we apologize for the delay. All of our representatives are currently assisting other customers. Please stay on the line and someone will be with you shortly.
Death is a general anaesthetic to spare you from eternity.
Fuck your opinion.
"So I said to the judge, 'Your mama is guilty of public indecency!'" "No you didn't."
Gee willikers!
What does a cow say?
Tom doesn't believe in astrology.
It was the ugliest baby they had ever seen, and looked, moreover, as if it were dying.
Tom's a cokehead.
I had no idea Tom was gay.
That's my car? Why did I feel like I'd never seen it before?
You're a good cat.
Mary can defend herself, Tom.
I can defend myself, Tom.
I'm just asking questions.
We care about you, Tom.
When the people have nothing more to eat, they will eat the rich.
Tom isn't willing to tell the truth.
Tom is afraid to tell the truth.
Tom is ready to tell the truth.
Tom isn't ready to tell the truth.
The user must explicitly enter a value into this field.
"I hope we won't be late." "Fingers crossed!"
I could fall asleep in this chair.
What's polyamory?
Mary has generalized anxiety disorder.
Since you mention it, I really would like to see the ruins of Persepolis.
I'm going to have my own party, and you're not invited!
Tom and Mary are polyamorous.
Tom, Mary, and Alex are in a polyamorous relationship.
Gender violence goes hand-in-hand with authoritarianism.
Gender violence and authoritarianism go hand-in-hand.
Strict and inviolable gender roles have been fundamental to authoritarian regimes throughout history.
Inviolable gender roles are a form of authoritarianism.
Cathy is a fake goth.
I can eat glass; it does not hurt me.
"I can't believe Lyndon LaRouche is still alive." "Who's Lyndon LaRouche?" "A crackpot who was a few decades too early for American politics."
"Cultural Marxism" was a critique of popular culture by the Frankfurt School of critical theory, a discipline which used knowledge from the social sciences to revise Marxist theory. In modern usage among right-wingers, "Cultural Marxism" has become a substitute term for the Nazi-era conspiracy theory "Cultural Bolshevism."
Mary never thought she would be this happy.
Call me old-fashioned, but I think dictators should be surrounded on the Senate floor and stabbed to death.
Guerrilla gardening is gardening on another person's land without permission.
We gave Tom the apple.
Tom gives it to John.
Mary gives it to Tom.
Mary will give it to Tom.
Tom has given it to John.
I want to give it to Mary.
These crisps are very moreish.
Well, it's horses for courses, isn't it?
The aliens' upper arms are ridgy.
Mary is on a 100-day Duolingo streak.
Tom's feeling a bit off colour.
In societies dominated by modern conditions of production, life is presented as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has receded into a representation.
The images detached from every aspect of life merge into a common stream in which the unity of that life can no longer be recovered. Fragmented views of reality regroup themselves into a new unity as a separate pseudoworld that can only be looked at. The specialization of images of the world evolves into a world of autonomized images where even the deceivers are deceived. The spectacle is a concrete inversion of life, an autonomous movement of the nonliving.
The spectacle presents itself simultaneously as society itself, as a part of society, and as a means of unification. As a part of society, it is the focal point of all vision and all consciousness. But due to the very fact that this sector is separate, it is in reality the domain of delusion and false consciousness: the unification it achieves is nothing but an official language of universal separation.
The spectacle is not a collection of images; it is a social relation between people that is mediated by images.
The spectacle cannot be understood as a mere visual deception produced by mass-media technologies. It is a worldview that has actually been materialized, a view of a world that has become objective.
Tom claims to have seen a plesiosaur in the lake.
Mary has wanted to be a paleontologist ever since she first saw a drawing of a plesiosaur.
You're entitled to your own opinion but not your own facts.
Benjamin Netanyahu is widely despised by American Jews.
Anarchists believe society can function by mutual aid.
Tatoeba is an example of mutual aid.
Mutual aid does not require that people like each other, only that they have a common need.
Matza balls are my heritage; falafels are not.
The animal species, in which individual struggle has been reduced to its narrowest limits, and the practice of mutual aid has attained the greatest development, are invariably the most numerous, the most prosperous, and the most open to further progress.
For industrial progress, as for each other conquest over nature, mutual aid and close intercourse certainly are, as they have been, much more advantageous than mutual struggle.
I don't like fireworks.
Israeli military courts have a 99.74% conviction rate.
Tom is dope sick.
How sick do you have to be to claim that unarmed protesters were trying to get shot?
Felix left a hairball in my shoe.
With cat-like grace he leapt toward the ledge, missed it and fell to the ground below.
"Hey, are you trying to trick me?" "No, I'm trying to go for a walk. I don't even know who you are."
Publish or perish.
The websites of some predatory publishers look credible.
I am a post-operative transsexual woman.
"I'd just like to have a discussion" is often missionary jargon for, "If I told you why I was really here, you'd tell me to fuck off."
I think Mary is a bit of a Pollyanna.
That's the worst joke I've ever heard.
Tom's just trying to save face.
Speak truth to power.
Tom speaks truth to power.
Are you as shook up as the most famous singer the world knows?
"I resent the implication that I am a religious conservative," said the social Darwinist. "What I actually worship is reified tradition masquerading as 'science'."
"I only know one surrealist, and that's Salvador Dalí." "Then you mean to say you don't know any surrealists."
King David is my favorite queer Jewish poet.
Hope you're well.
Humanity cannot be made equal by declarations on paper. Unless the material conditions for equality exist, it is worse than mockery to pronounce men equal.
Everybody's a critic.
"Why punch Nazis?" "Because I love peace."
In popular culture the phrase “Allahu akbar” has become almost synonymous with terrorism.
Our enemies will vanish like dew in the sun.
It's not fair to deny me of the cross-eyed bear that you gave to me.
Who's a good kitty?
You're a good kitty.
You're a very good kitty.
Israel's nation-state law served as a rallying point for those who believed the country could not simultaneously be democratic and a Jewish state.
I honestly think vegan sausages have far better mouthfeel than the regular kind.
Many people will add Kabyle in their profile; that's what they work for!
David and Jonathan knew each other biblically.
A volleyball player must be a good smasher.
I will leave next week!
Have you ever wondered if our universe is just a simulated political satire of one that actually exists?
Tom loves to shitpost in his spare time.
Is that a shitpost?
Who would have thought that we would make it?
There are a lot of police cruisers parked outside the doughnut shop.
Why do cops love doughnuts?
Tom really likes ladybirds.
What would the Flying Spaghetti Monster do?
Tom saw a leaf with many aphids on it.
The show was pants.
Tom's feeling a little peckish.
Tom is a twat.
Tom is a right proper lad.
You know nothing, Tom Jackson.
A Jackson always pays his debts.
Tom was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Don't even think about driving while intoxicated, Tom.
Mary's common-law husband was arrested for driving while intoxicated.
Mary was arrested after the bachelorette party for driving while intoxicated.
The first order of business is to figure out how to prevent people from driving while intoxicated.
The angry young man was arrested for driving while intoxicated, but a search of his car turned up automatic weapons, leading to further charges.
The angry young man believes the people who tell him to calm down are Illuminati shills.
The angry young man is now public enemy number one.
Tom is an angry young man, but he has a soft spot for ferrets.
Tom is upset that he can't receive physician-assisted suicide for being an angry young man.
Tom is a prescription drug wholesaler.
Tom is a wholesaler of toys for ferrets.
Tom quit his job as a sanitation worker to become a prescription drug wholesaler.
If you can move mountains, you can move molehills.
North Koreans are really good at drawing lines because they have a Supreme Ruler.
Mary is smarter than Tom.
You always say you're going to move to Canada, Tom.
The accomplishments of every civil rights movement could be turned back quickly if people get complacent.
Austria is the land of kangaroos.
The best known Austrian marsupials are kangaroos and koalas.
Welcome to Austria. Please don't feed the kangaroos.
I'm having uncomfortable thoughts about you.
I'm having uncomfortable thoughts about Tom.
The nocebo effect is the opposite of the placebo effect.
Is it legal to hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Tom is being mean.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
I'm not sure I like the damask wallpaper, Tom.
I'm loving the damask, Mary.
Fuck the system.
Tom is uncomfortable with the word "queer" and prefers "LGBT."
Tom went to Austria to study koalas in their natural environment.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD.
Tom went to Austria, but he didn't see any kangaroos.
Do you want to cuddle a koala? Come to Austria!
Tom is a caregiver of a special needs child.
Tom is severely autistic, but verbal.
Tom has ASD and ADHD.
Tom was diagnosed with ASD when he was three.
Tom is 13, but he still believes in Santa.
Tom is seeking an ASD diagnosis for his son.
Tom was diagnosed with Asperger syndrome.
When Tom went to primary school he was assigned a learning support assistant.
Tom is hyperlexic.
Tom was diagnosed with autism and severe depression.
How common is it to see kangaroos and koalas in Austria?
Tom doesn't really like Sami.
The United States is Canada's evil twin.
Mary is seething with rage she feels unable to express.
Tom loves zoos.
Mary's cat Felicia had a litter of kittens.
Mary's dog Fiona had a litter of puppies.
Tom's dog Fido bit Mary.
Tom's cat Felix scratched him, drawing blood.
If everyone likes you, you're doing it wrong.
Tom lives in a retirement community.
Tom visited Mary at her retirement community.
Tom and Mary moved into a retirement community.
The voice in Tom's head narrates his life.
The voice in Tom's head narrates his life using sentences from Tatoeba.
Live life as it comes.
You are broke, man!
Stop daydreaming and come down from your tree!
You make me feel dizzy!
"Do you believe him?" "Not really!"
"Is it true?" "I think so!"
Tom is annoyingly optimistic.
Tom has a punchable face.
You don't need religion to have morals.
Mary married Layla.
Tom married Sami.
In spite of everything, Tom is happy.
Tom and Sami decided to get divorced.
Mary and Layla decided to get divorced.
Tom and Sami's marriage didn't last very long.
I wish Donald Trump were dead instead of the eight people killed today in Pittsburgh.
Benjamin Netanyahu is a great enemy of the Jewish people.
Using Linux in your target language is a great way to learn new vocabulary and gain practical experience.
Fido's a weird name for a cat.
I'm playing the world's smallest violin, Tom.
Tom doesn't want to go to his company's Christmas do this year.
Anne Frank wasn't a citizen.
Tom is a normie.
I went to Austria, but I didn't see any kangaroos.
Tom has two siblings.
The kangaroo is a symbol of Austria, isn't it?
Tom really wanted to visit Australia, so he booked a flight to Vienna.
A lot of people confuse Slovakia and Slovenia.
A lot of people confuse Slovakia and Slovenia. What makes it even more confusing, Slovakia in Slovak is "Slovensko".
Tom is a well-known shitposter.
There has never been monoculturalism without oppression.
Every year on November 20th, the transgender community observes Transgender Day of Remembrance to memorialize members of the community who have been murdered over the last year.
The work of George Orwell has been subverted by the same kind of counterrevolutionary elements he fought in Spain and opposed during World War II.
It's raining cats and dogs!
You do too much K, Tom.
Call me Ishmael, Tom.
Tom is dead to me.
Tom is dead to us.
There are no good flags, only good people working together to enrich each other and their society.
The United States uses tear gas on toddlers whose parents legally seek asylum.
It is difficult to separate the wheat from the chaff.
The chaff must be removed from the good wheat.
What we say, goes.
George H. W. Bush took way too long to die.
George H. W. Bush was a war criminal responsible for bombing retreating soldiers, many of whom were conscripts.
George H. W. Bush ignored the AIDS epidemic during his entire term as Vice President. As President he paid lip service to it while refusing to do anything material to combat it.
George H. W. Bush didn't die soon enough.
George H. W. Bush had no respect for the dead whatsoever.
As CIA Director, George H. W. Bush oversaw U.S. assistance to Operation Condor, a state terrorism campaign coordinated between six far-right dictatorships in South America.
She will find her husband.
Tom's uncle is always going off on incoherent rants about participation trophies.
Tom would be alive today if he hadn't died.
Tom is nice as pie.
You saw yourself in the mirror.
Christmas? Never heard of it.
Make sure the guillotine is in working condition.
I wish you weren't such a fucking dick.
Humans are involved in mutualisms with other species, too.
Of course they're fascists.
Enough blather; get to the point.
Tom blathered on and on.
Tom blathered on about God and the Bible.
I'd rather get a root canal than listen to this blather.
I'm fed up with Tom's incessant blathering.
Lindsey Graham is being blackmailed.
This manual is written in double Dutch.
It was the biggest defeat in government history, according to the BBC.
Dominic Grieve has tabled a motion for a second referendum.
Tom said he had a fuckload of homework to do.
I'm addicted to drugs.
Tom has an irrational fear of socialized medicine.
Tom only likes socialized medicine when he needs it.
Tom advocates socialized medicine.
Tom claims he doesn't know anything. Do you buy it?
Tom localizes smartphone apps for a major developer.
Tom's activism didn't seem to have any identifiable effect.
Antifascists often mask their faces to make themselves less identifiable to the police.
The amendment is still pending ratification.
Unless you are a medical professional, it is insulting to ask a transgender person whether they have had any surgeries.
You would consider it impolite if someone asked you about your genitals, so do not ask a transgender person about theirs.
English is often not pronounced in a phonological way.
After the goal was scored, the crowd turned to the giant TV to watch the action replay.
Were you trying to play footsy with me?
It feels good to come to the aid of somebody.
Tom hoped the initiation ceremony would be over soon.
The stopping distance for an average car travelling 80km/h is 53m.
My friend kept nudging me to tell me something.
The much anticipated new theatre production was unfortunately a bit of a damp squib in the end.
I am revoking my permission to play on my iPad, Tom.
The etches carved into the old wooden table were from hundreds of students who had sat at it in classes over the years.
Our manufacturing plant uses precision instruments to make the best quality products.
When squeezed, Tom's spot secreted pus.
If we don't restructure our business, we're going to go under.
Tom pulled Mary's hair so hard that it came out complete with follicles.
The clouds thickened and it started to precipitate.
The secretion from Tom's wound was a horrible green color.
Tom wanted to join a fraternity at university, but was scared of the initiation ceremony.
After the prisoners escaped, the police set about recapturing them.
We lost this cricket match because of a few careless fumbles of the ball.
If I get an opportunity, I will always come to the aid of somebody who needs it.
Tom's been caught on camera fly-tipping.
Does Mao meow?
Tom picked up English in no time.
Tom is a completely different person in Esperanto.
I can't believe how big this little kitten has gotten!
In common usage, "economic freedom" often refers to unfettered economic exploitation.
There's a special place in hell for those who promoted Brexit without even a sketch of a plan how to carry it out safely.
I haven't seen a straight person in over a week.
The cat acts like he's starving, when he's got a bowl full of dry food!
Tom and Mary keep going out to the car to do lines of blow.
Even if that were true, why would it matter?
Even if that were true, what difference would it make?
Even if you're right, who cares?
Even if you're right, what's the difference?
Even if that's true, what's the difference?
Even if that's true, who cares?
Let's assume you're right. So what?
When was the Second Temple destroyed?
The Second Jewish Temple was destroyed in 70 CE.
The Byzantines massacred most of the Jewish population of Palestine.
Why couldn't we survive on Mars?
What is the largest prime number smaller than a googolplex?
God bless America, or it'll invade Heaven.
Tom took his ball and went home.
Tom is a furry.
It's Sarah's apple.
I gave Sarah the apple.
We gave Sarah the apple.
Aaron gave it to Sarah.
Sarah gave it to Aaron.
Sarah's going to give it to Aaron.
I have to give it to Aaron.
I didn't give Sarah the apple.
I want to give it to Aaron.
I didn't know you were a furry, Tom.
Ilhan Omar is one of the few politicians with courage in the United States.
Ilhan Omar was right.
Ilhan Omar didn't say anything antisemitic, but is being punished for criticizing Israel.
AIPAC is an unaccountable lobbying group with extreme opinions on Israel that do not represent those of American Jews.
A specter is haunting Europe — the specter of communism.
All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this specter; Pope and Czar, Mettemich and Guizot, French radicals and German police spies.
Where is the party in opposition that has not been decried as communistic by its opponents in power? Where the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of communism, against the more advanced opposition parties, as well as against its reactionary adversaries?
Communism is already acknowledged by all European powers to be in itself a power.
It is high time that communists should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their aims, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the Specter of Communism with a manifesto of the party itself.
To this end the communists of various nationalities have assembled in London, and sketched the following manifesto to be published in the English, French, German, Italian, Flemish and Danish languages.
Two things result from this fact.
Tom was suddenly overcome with a deep despair.
Yankev can't follow the play because Beyle keeps getting up.
Yankev is Hasidic.
Yankev is a Hasid.
Yankev is a secular Jew.
Yankev has family in Bialystok.
Yankev's uncle Borekh lives in Bialystok.
Beyle's aunt Sheyne lives in Bialystok.
Yankev and Sheyne live in Bialystok.
Sheyne is Yankev's daughter.
Sheyne is Yankev's sister.
Yankev is Sheyne's brother.
Yankev is Sheyne's son.
Yankev and Sheyne are married.
Yankev and Sheyne are friends.
Yankev and Sheyne just met.
Beyle wishes lobbyists would stop speaking for her.
Beyle feels helpless.
Beyle is concerned that the people who claim to be defending her are doing nothing of the sort, and that she has no power to influence their decisions.
Beyle is very worried about the rise of Neo-Nazism.
Beyle is disgusted by people who care more about defending Israeli war crimes than about antisemitism in her own country, yet speak in her name.
I think knowing Esperanto is very helpful with learning French.
Yankev says he's done. Do you buy it?
I dreamt I was a cat trying to tell humans something, but they didn't understand me.
Abusive people often use emotional blackmail to get what they want.
Tom uses emotional blackmail to control people.
A member of the neighborhood watch shot and killed an innocent person of color last night.
Tom believes that Yankev conspires against him every night with Beyle and Borekh.
Beyle experienced a sort of second childhood after she got free of Yankev, or perhaps the first childhood she never had.
Yankev threatened to knock the daylights out of Borekh if he came by his shop again.
Tom is such a fair-weather friend.
Could you show me how to personalize my desktop?
I think it would be difficult to personalize every wedding invitation.
Alice and Mary are residents at a teaching hospital.
Beyle works at an employment agency.
Alice and Mary are attending physicians at a teaching hospital.
Fascia is made of connective tissue.
Don't waste your time on that pipe dream.
Killing people while they pray is the lowest thing imaginable.
Punch Nazis for world peace.
If you're really the master race then why do you kill people when they're praying?
Because monocultural societies do not exist in reality, ethnostates are inherently oppressive.
Don't ask me; I'm a cat.
I got elected.
Tom OD'd.
Tom OD'd on heroin.
In many languages, domestic cats are named after the "meow" sound they make.
Mary is a crazy cat lady.
Netanyahu is a monster.
That's why I cannot believe it.
This is the part I cannot believe.
Netanyahu promised permanent apartheid in the West Bank to save his political career.
Yankev keeps kosher.
Yankev is against Zionism.
Yankev is anti-Zionist.
Yankev is an anti-Zionist.
The working class and the employing class have nothing in common.
There can be no peace as long as hunger and want are found among millions of working people and the few who make up the employing class have all the good things of life.
Between these two classes a struggle must go on until the workers of the world organize as a class, take possession of the earth and the machinery of production, and abolish the wage system.
We find that the centering of the management of industries into fewer and fewer hands makes the trades unions unable to cope with the ever-growing power of the employing class.
The trade unions foster a state of affairs which allows one set of workers to be pitted against one another in wage wars.
Moreover, the trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with their employers.
These conditions can be changed and the interest of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one industry, or in all industries if necessary, cease work whenever a strike or lockout is on in any department thereof, thus making an injury to one an injury to all.
Instead of the conservative motto, "A fair day's wages for a fair day's work," we must inscribe on our banner the revolutionary watchword, "Abolition of the wage system."
It is the historic mission of the working class to do away with capitalism.
The army of production must be organized, not only for the every-day struggle with capitalists, but also to carry on production when capitalism shall have been overthrown.
By organizing industrially we are forming the structure of the new society within the shell of the old.
Nobody can make an omelette without breaking eggs.
We cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs.
We're living in the New Age of Fascism.
I do not believe that the hornet returns the stolen honey to the bees.
West and East are cardinal directions, not civilizations.
The Kabyle of the mountain always says: If God needs me, he will find me in the field.
Judaism and Christianity are Middle Eastern religions closely related to Islam.
Mary is a public intellectual.
Tom is a public intellectual.
Lay off the pep pills, Mary.
Cats are silly.
Mary's cats are silly.
This movie's hard to watch now.
This movie's hard to watch nowadays.
It's OK to be queer.
Turn left onto Fifth Avenue.
There's no shoulder on this part of the highway because of road construction.
Capitalism is poverty.
"Judeo-Christianity" is a 20th-century construct.
Christianity's main connection to Judaism throughout history has been its attempt to eradicate and supplant it.
Mary is stunning.
Beyle is stunning.
Tom is non-binary.
Yankev is genderqueer.
Tom only likes surrealism because he's a fungus's cat.
Is it legal to recreationally hunt kangaroos in Austria?
Kangaroos are causing major headaches for Austrian farmers.
Please correct my mistakes.
I am willing to accept criticism.
I am happy to accept criticism.
I am happy to receive corrections.
Please feel free to correct my mistakes.
Please feel free to correct my grammar.
I'm still learning; please feel free to correct my mistakes.
Whoever speaks the truth will have to tie up the donkey.
Judaism includes the belief that everyone is born innocent.
I hate it when the tongue of my shoe slides to the side.
Could you spare a dollar?
If you support Trump, you're a bad person.
Good Shabbos.
I'm making my own language, and none of you are invited to learn it!
Tom rides a dragon around Boston.
Tom is riding a dragon around Boston.
Tom rode a dragon around Boston.
No one said self-control was easy.
The United States is a terrorist state.
The United States lives parasitically off the people and resources of Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa while subjecting their peoples to unspeakable atrocities.
No one said self-discipline was easy.
Tom threw a milkshake at Nigel Farage.
Would you guys like to share an orange?
Would you like to share an orange with me?
The colander is recognized in the Czech Republic and New Zealand as religious headgear.
Tom is off his meds again.
Tom's off the wagon again.
Tom is back in the hospital.
Tom's back on the street.
Tom is back in the slammer.
Tom is back on the bottle.
Tom is back on the junk.
Tom's back at the mission.
Tom can't keep his shit together.
Tom blew a raspberry at Mary and ran away.
Verily I say unto thee, lay thine eyes upon the field in which my fucks are grown. Behold that it is barren.
We live in a society.
Stability is a double-edged sword.
Tom is American, but lives in Austria, because he loves kangaroos.
There are koalas in Austria.
Koalas can only be seen in Austria.
Tom has a soft spot for platypuses, so he moved to Austria.
In the days when the judges judged, there was a famine in the land.
A certain man of Bethlehem Judah went to live in the country of Moab with his wife and his two sons.
The name of the man was Elimelech, and the name of his wife Naomi. The names of his two sons were Mahlon and Chilion, Ephrathites of Bethlehem Judah. They came into the country of Moab and lived there.
Elimelech, Naomi’s husband, died, and she was left with her two sons.
They took for themselves wives of the women of Moab. The name of the one was Orpah, and the name of the other was Ruth. They lived there about ten years.
Mahlon and Chilion both died, and the woman was bereaved of her two children and of her husband.
Then she arose with her daughters-in-law, that she might return from the country of Moab; for she had heard in the country of Moab how the Lord had visited his people in giving them bread.
She went out of the place where she was, and her two daughters-in-law with her. They went on the way to return to the land of Judah.
Naomi said to her two daughters-in-law, "Go, return each of you to her mother's house. May the Lord deal kindly with you, as you have dealt with the dead and with me. May the Lord grant you that you may find rest, each of you in the house of her husband."
Then she kissed them, and they lifted up their voices, and wept.
They said to her, "No, but we will return with you to your people."
Naomi said, "Go back, my daughters. Why do you want to go with me? Do I still have sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands? Go back, my daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have a husband. If I should say, 'I have hope,' if I should even have a husband tonight, and should also bear sons, would you then wait until they were grown? Would you then refrain from having husbands? No, my daughters, for it grieves me seriously for your sakes, for the Lord's hand has gone out against me."
They lifted up their voices and wept again; then Orpah kissed her mother-in-law, but Ruth stayed with her. She said, "Behold, your sister-in-law has gone back to her people and to her god. Follow your sister-in-law."
Ruth said, "Don't urge me to leave you, and to return from following you, for where you go, I will go; and where you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. Where you die, I will die, and there I will be buried. May God do so to me, and more also, if anything but death parts you and me."
When Naomi saw that she was determined to go with her, she stopped urging her.
So they both went until they came to Bethlehem. When they had come to Bethlehem, all the city was excited about them, and they asked, "Is this Naomi?"
She said to them, "Don't call me Naomi. Call me Mara, for the Almighty has dealt very bitterly with me. I went out full, and the Lord has brought me home again empty. Why do you call me Naomi, since the Lord has testified against me, and the Almighty has afflicted me?"
So Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabite, her daughter-in-law, with her, who returned out of the country of Moab. They came to Bethlehem in the beginning of barley harvest.
Naomi had a relative of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of Elimelech, and his name was Boaz.
Ruth the Moabite said to Naomi, "Let me now go to the field, and glean among the ears of grain after him in whose sight I find favor."
She said to her, "Go, my daughter."
She went, and came and gleaned in the field after the reapers; and she happened to come to the portion of the field belonging to Boaz, who was of the family of Elimelech.
Behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said to the reapers, "May the Lord be with you."
They answered him, "May the Lord bless you."
Then Boaz said to his servant who was set over the reapers, "Whose young lady is this?"
The servant who was set over the reapers answered, "It is the Moabite lady who came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab. She said, 'Please let me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves.' So she came, and has continued even from the morning until now, except that she rested a little in the house."
Then Boaz said to Ruth, "Listen, my daughter. Don’t go to glean in another field, and don’t go from here, but stay here close to my maidens. Let your eyes be on the field that they reap, and go after them. Haven't I commanded the young men not to touch you? When you are thirsty, go to the vessels, and drink from that which the young men have drawn."
Then she fell on her face and bowed herself to the ground, and said to him, "Why have I found favor in your sight, that you should take knowledge of me, since I am a foreigner?"
Boaz answered her, "I have been told all about what you have done for your mother-in-law since the death of your husband, and how you have left your father, your mother, and the land of your birth, and have come to a people that you didn’t know before. May the Lord repay your work, and a full reward be given to you from the Lord, the God of Israel, under whose wings you have come to take refuge."
Then she said, "Let me find favor in your sight, my lord, because you have comforted me, and because you have spoken kindly to your servant, though I am not as one of your servants."
At meal time Boaz said to her, "Come here, and eat some bread, and dip your morsel in the vinegar."
She sat beside the reapers, and they passed her parched grain. She ate, was satisfied, and left some of it. When she had risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, "Let her glean even among the sheaves, and don’t reproach her. Also pull out some for her from the bundles, and leave it. Let her glean, and don’t rebuke her."
So she gleaned in the field until evening; and she beat out that which she had gleaned, and it was about an ephah of barley. She took it up, and went into the city. Then her mother-in-law saw what she had gleaned; and she brought out and gave to her that which she had left after she had enough.
Her mother-in-law said to her, "Where have you gleaned today? Where have you worked? Blessed be he who noticed you."
She told her mother-in-law with whom she had worked, "The man’s name with whom I worked today is Boaz." Naomi said to her daughter-in-law, “May he be blessed by the Lord, who has not abandoned his kindness to the living and to the dead." Naomi said to her, "The man is a close relative to us, one of our near kinsmen."
Ruth the Moabite said, "Yes, he said to me, 'You shall stay close to my young men until they have finished all my harvest.'"
Naomi said to Ruth her daughter-in-law, "It is good, my daughter, that you go out with his maidens, and that they not meet you in any other field."
So she stayed close to the maidens of Boaz, to glean to the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest; and she lived with her mother-in-law.
Naomi, her mother-in-law, said to her, "My daughter, shall I not seek rest for you, that it may be well with you? Now isn't Boaz our kinsman, with whose maidens you were? Behold, he will be winnowing barley tonight on the threshing floor. Therefore wash yourself, anoint yourself, get dressed, and go down to the threshing floor; but don’t make yourself known to the man until he has finished eating and drinking. It shall be, when he lies down, that you shall note the place where he is lying. Then you shall go in, uncover his feet, and lay down. Then he will tell you what to do."
She said to her, "All that you say, I will do." She went down to the threshing floor, and did everything that her mother-in-law told her. When Boaz had eaten and drunk, and his heart was merry, he went to lie down at the end of the heap of grain. She came softly, uncovered his feet, and laid down. At midnight, the man was startled and turned himself; and behold, a woman lay at his feet. He said, "Who are you?"
She answered, "I am Ruth your servant. Therefore spread the corner of your garment over your servant; for you are a near kinsman."
He said, "You are blessed by the Lord, my daughter. You have shown more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning, because you didn’t follow young men, whether poor or rich. Now, my daughter, don’t be afraid. I will do to you all that you say; for all the city of my people knows that you are a worthy woman. Now it is true that I am a near kinsman. However, there is a kinsman nearer than I. Stay this night, and in the morning, if he will perform for you the part of a kinsman, good. Let him do the kinsman's duty. But if he will not do the duty of a kinsman for you, then I will do the duty of a kinsman for you, as the Lord lives. Lie down until the morning."
She lay at his feet until the morning, then she rose up before one could discern another. For he said, "Let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor." He said, "Bring the mantle that is on you, and hold it." She held it; and he measured six measures of barley, and laid it on her; then he went into the city.
When she came to her mother-in-law, she said, "How did it go, my daughter?"
She told her all that the man had done for her. She said, "He gave me these six measures of barley; for he said, 'Don't go empty to your mother-in-law.'"
Then she said, "Wait, my daughter, until you know what will happen; for the man will not rest until he has settled this today."
Now Boaz went up to the gate and sat down there. Behold, the near kinsman of whom Boaz spoke came by. Boaz said to him, "Come over here, friend, and sit down!" He came over, and sat down.
Boaz took ten men of the elders of the city, and said, "Sit down here," and they sat down.
He said to the near kinsman, "Naomi, who has come back out of the country of Moab, is selling the parcel of land, which was our brother Elimelech's. I thought I should tell you, saying, 'Buy it before those who sit here, and before the elders of my people.' If you will redeem it, redeem it; but if you will not redeem it, then tell me, that I may know. For there is no one to redeem it besides you; and I am after you."
He said, "I will redeem it."
Then Boaz said, "On the day you buy the field from the hand of Naomi, you must buy it also from Ruth the Moabite, the wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance."
The near kinsman said, "I can't redeem it for myself, lest I endanger my own inheritance. Take my right of redemption for yourself; for I can't redeem it."
Now this was the custom in former time in Israel concerning redeeming and concerning exchanging, to confirm all things: a man took off his sandal, and gave it to his neighbor; and this was the way of formalizing transactions in Israel. So the near kinsman said to Boaz, "Buy it for yourself," then he took off his sandal.
Boaz said to the elders and to all the people, "You are witnesses today, that I have bought all that was Elimelech's, and all that was Chilion's and Mahlon's, from the hand of Naomi. Moreover, Ruth the Moabite, the wife of Mahlon, I have purchased to be my wife, to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance, that the name of the dead may not be cut off from among his brothers and from the gate of his place. You are witnesses today."
All the people who were in the gate, and the elders, said, "We are witnesses. May the Lord make the woman who has come into your house like Rachel and like Leah, which both built the house of Israel; and treat you worthily in Ephrathah, and be famous in Bethlehem. Let your house be like the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah, of the offspring which the Lord will give you by this young woman."
So Boaz took Ruth and she became his wife; and he went in to her, and the Lord enabled her to conceive, and she bore a son. The women said to Naomi, "Blessed be the Lord, who has not left you today without a near kinsman. Let his name be famous in Israel. He shall be to you a restorer of life and sustain you in your old age; for your daughter-in-law, who loves you, who is better to you than seven sons, has given birth to him." Naomi took the child, laid him in her bosom, and became nurse to him. The women, her neighbors, gave him a name, saying, "A son is born to Naomi". They named him Obed. He is the father of Jesse, the father of David.
Now this is the history of the generations of Perez: Perez became the father of Hezron, and Hezron became the father of Ram, and Ram became the father of Amminadab, and Amminadab became the father of Nahshon, and Nahshon became the father of Salmon, and Salmon became the father of Boaz, and Boaz became the father of Obed, and Obed became the father of Jesse, and Jesse became the father of David.
Tom decided against going to Austria because he's allergic to kangaroos.
Tom is such a copycat.
No, you don't stink.
You smell fine.
We didn't walk.
It wasn't Tom who spit.
Tom didn't spit.
Tom didn't overdose.
Tom didn't actually overdose.
Tom didn't really overdose.
I don't think Tom overdosed.
I don't believe Tom overdosed.
I can't believe Tom overdosed.
I don't think Tom really overdosed.
I don't think that Tom really overdosed.
You smell amazing.
You smell incredible.
Tom loves foreigners.
I don't think it's true that Tom hates foreigners.
I think Tom has a bit of a creepy obsession with foreigners.
We're not exactly friends, and we're not exactly enemies.
Luckily, Tom didn't break everything.
Tom didn't break anything, thankfully.
Tom didn't break everything, thank God.
Tom never grows tired.
Don't you ever get tired, Tom?
Doesn't Tom ever get tired?
Does Tom ever sleep?
Don't you ever sleep, Tom?
Does Tom ever get tired?
Does Tom ever grow tired?
Do you ever sleep, Tom?
Why was Tom plowing?
Tom isn't going to swim.
Tom won't swim.
Tom refuses to swim.
Tom never gets offended.
Of course you don't get offended, Tom.
Why was Tom kneeling?
Why was Tom limping?
Tom is full of courage.
Tom isn't lacking in courage.
Why is that a taboo?
That should be a taboo.
That shouldn't be a taboo.
That's not really a taboo around here.
That's taboo around here.
Tom wouldn't lie down.
Why is Tom squinting?
Tom didn't get delayed this time.
Tom wasn't delayed this time.
Tom wasn't delayed.
Tom hasn't been delayed.
Tom has been delayed.
Tom has been delayed again.
Tom can't remember any of his dreams.
Tom didn't get hooked.
Tom wasn't writing.
Tom isn't writing.
Tom isn't mourning.
Tom wasn't mourning.
Tom was mourning.
Tom isn't grieving.
Tom wasn't grieving.
Tom was grieving.
Tom was in mourning.
Tom didn't open it.
Tom refused to open it.
Tom wouldn't open it.
Tom couldn't open it.
Why can't Tom open it?
Why couldn't Tom open it?
Why wouldn't Tom open it?
Why did Tom refuse to open it?
What was Tom refusing to open?
What was Tom refusing to open last night?
Why would Tom refuse to open that?
Tom didn't close it.
Tom refused to close it.
Tom wouldn't close it.
Tom couldn't close it.
Why can't Tom close it?
Why couldn't Tom close it?
Why wouldn't Tom close it?
What was Tom refusing to close?
What was Tom refusing to close last night?
Why would Tom refuse to close that?
I don't expect details.
I'm not expecting details; just a summary is fine.
I don't enjoy solitude.
I wasn't really pretending.
Isn't this blue?
Isn't that blue?
Luckily, Tom didn't break anything.
Thankfully, Tom didn't break anything.
Thankfully, Tom didn't break everything.
Donald Trump must be extradited to Iraq to be held accountable for the war crimes of the soldiers he pardoned.
I hope those fish aren't going to be eaten.
Neo-Nazis are parading through the streets of the United States with police escorts, threatening to kill every marginalized person.
The difference between a Nazi and a crypto-Nazi is that one wears a swastika while the other wears a police uniform.
Benjamin Netanyahu is an ally of Nazis worldwide.
Benjamin Netanyahu couldn't possibly care less about Jewish people.
Donald Trump couldn't possibly care less about Jewish people.
Tom is chuffed to bits.
I love Tom to bits.
I love Mary to bits.
Tom was chuffed to bits.
Tom wasn't born yesterday.
Mary wasn't born yesterday.
I've decided to wait two more months before leaving.
Well, color me surprised.
Tom is a Brexiteer.
Two squared equals four.
Five factorial equals one hundred and twenty.
10 plus 10 equals 100.
The square root of six hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and sixty-one is seven hundred and eighty-one.
Tom isn't the brightest bulb on the porch.
Mary isn't the brightest bulb on the porch.
And then everyone stood up and clapped.
Seven minus two is five.
Twenty-five percent of fifty is twelve and a half.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred twenty-one.
Eleven times eleven is one hundred and twenty-one.
Twenty divided by two is ten.
Tom's mother is twice as old as him. When his age is added to hers, the total is fifty-one. How old are Tom and his mother?
A prime number is a whole number greater than 1 whose only factors are 1 and itself.
Tom's team scored a total of 96 points. 55 points were scored in the first half. How many were scored in the second half?
Donald Trump had a two-hour meeting with the Prince of Whales.
Boris Johnson is the British Donald Trump.
Mike Pompeo claims Iran sank the USS Maine.
Tom doesn't speak Bangla.
The Dravidian languages of South India are unrelated to Hindi.
Tom was in the buff on the beach.
Mary was in the buff on the beach.
Mary is trying to discredit Tom.
Tom dreamt that Mary was trying to discredit him.
Tom can't believe that Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom can't believe Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom believes that Mary is trying to discredit him.
Tom didn't believe that Mary was trying to discredit him.
Tom believed that Mary was trying to discredit him.
I don't like hot coffee.
I don't like my coffee hot.
Tom doesn't like hot coffee.
Tom doesn't like his coffee hot.
Mary doesn't like hot coffee.
Mary doesn't like her coffee hot.
I'm going on vacation this summer.
I'll be going on vacation this summer.
History, Stephen said, is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
Get the pitchforks.
We have a lot of moorhens in our pond.
Tom can't tell a coot from a moorhen.
He was poisoned by our enemies.
Tom really wanted to see echidnas and wombats, so he took a plane to Austria.
The best-known transcendental numbers are π and e.
The set of real numbers is uncountable, and, therefore, it's larger than the set of rational numbers.
I'm ready if you're ready.
Bonnie should have called him Sporky, not Forky.
A semiprime is a natural number that is the product of two prime numbers.
Tom already knows the whole multiplication table.
I told my wife Tom is good at mathematics.
I told my wife Tom is good at maths.
We are the ones we've been waiting for.
If you're going to burn an American flag, make sure you steal it instead of buying it.
Tom's favourite subject is calculus.
Tom's favorite subject is calculus.
Tom teaches mathematical analysis.
Tom hates calculus.
Tom hates mathematical analysis.
Tom's favourite subject was trigonometry.
Tom's favorite subject was trigonometry.
Tom is an applied mathematician.
The proof is left as an exercise to the reader.
Tom thinks Euler's identity is beautiful.
Tom claims he knows the value of pi to a thousand places.
L'Hôpital's rule uses derivatives to help evaluate limits involving indeterminate forms.
Tom doesn't know how to apply L'Hôpital's rule to find limits.
Mary thinks Euler's identity is beautiful.
Tom is a graduate maths student at the University of Cambridge.
Mary is a graduate maths student at the University of Cambridge.
Tom's favourite pastime was solving differential expressions, while Mary preferred sex.
Tom's favorite pastime was solving differential expressions, while Mary preferred sex.
Every even integer greater than 2 can be expressed as the sum of two primes.
Tom claims he proved Goldbach's conjecture.
Tom spent 30 years trying to prove the Beal conjecture.
Tom's mum is the fattest bitch in the whole wide world.
Tom's mom is the fattest bitch in the whole wide world.
Tom thinks there are infinitely many cousin primes.
Tom wants to win a Nobel Prize for proving Brocard's conjecture.
Mary's favourite pastime was reading philosophy books, while Tom, he preferred masturbating.
Mary's favorite pastime was reading philosophy books, while Tom preferred masturbating.
Mary was thinking about the problem of finding the ultimate core model, one that contains all large cardinals, while Tom was thinking about Mary's boobs.
Jingoism is idolatry.
Tom loves non-linear differential equations.
The only class Tom has ever failed was differential equations.
What's the value of zero factorial (0!)?
Tom said that zero factorial (0!) is defined to equal 1.
Tom studied applied mathematics and physics at Oxford University.
Mary studied applied mathematics and physics at Oxford University.
A lot of girls hide their autism, sometimes evading diagnosis well into adulthood.
Tom is quite posh.
Tom Jackson is quite posh.
Tom's house is quite posh.
Tom is such a wanker.
Tom is such a twat.
Tom asked Mary whether she fancied a drink.
Stop whingeing, Tom.
Enough of this whingeing!
Mary is a fit bird.
Tom is a fit bloke.
Mary is autistic.
"High-functioning autism" isn't an official medical term or diagnosis.
Mary is a chav.
Asperger syndrome is a form of autism.
Tom says you aren't allowed to cuddle a koala in Austria.
Every even number greater than 2 is the sum of two primes.
The square root of 2 is irrational.
Tom forgot how to prove that the square root of 2 is irrational.
I really admire Tom's ability to answer questions.
Would you like a cuppa?
Do you believe in our lord and saviour, the Flying Spaghetti Monster?
A BBC presenter called Jeremy Hunt "Jeremy Cunt" live on air.
Find the area of a trapezoid whose parallel sides are 9 and 12 centimeters.
Find the circumference of a circle whose area is 12 square centimeters.
Why are you a Pastafarian?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Tom was very lucky because his toast fell right side up.
It was a dick move.
Which is the cheapest, Lidl, Aldi or Asda?
Your shirt is back to front.
You can do it when you B&Q it.
Tom is so dumb.
Tom loves ice lollies.
Tom absolutely loves ice lollies.
Tom, can you pop around? I need to show you something.
Why don't you pop in for a drink tonight?
Tom, why don't you pop in for a drink tonight?
Tom became ill with chickenpox.
Mary became ill with chickenpox.
Hopefully things will pan out nicely.
Tom is not fussed that he is no longer the tallest player on the team.
Tom forgot his brolly in the car.
Mary volunteered Tom to do the dishes.
Just let Tom do his spiel.
Peppa Pig's father is an engineer.
Tom declared that today is Opposite Day.
What is the derivative of e^x?
Tom is a numpty.
Tom is a brainless numpty.
Tom is flat-footed and needs special insoles.
Tom's wide-eyed optimism is beginning to grate on my nerves.
Tom's dog is a cockapoo called Mary.
Tom Jackson is a Tory.
Class warfare is good, actually.
To a bone that complained that a dog kept nibbling him, he said: Sorry, you are so hard and I do not have anything else to do.
A bone says to a dog: be careful, I'm hard. The dog answers: it does not matter because I have nothing else to do.
The denigration is inexcusable.
The denigration is unforgivable.
You are the weakest link. Goodbye!
Tom is a massive twat.
According to Mary, Tom is a massive twat.
Tom's a kvetch.
The British Prime Minister's real name is Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson.
Don't get me started on average speed cameras. Why don't they shell out some cash for really good speed cameras?
Tom got fined for going 80 mph in a 70 mph zone.
When is Bonfire Night celebrated?
Tom bought a new vacuum cleaner.
Tom bought a new hoover.
This pizza is nearly perfect.
Tom said the pizza was nearly perfect.
Gambling at a casino will most likely result in losing money.
Antibiotics kill bacteria, but won't do anything against viruses.
Tom doesn't believe narwhals are real.
Tom doesn't believe that narwhals are real.
Tom thinks swans are even more vicious than geese.
Wild animals are not pets.
Tom knows that wild animals are not pets.
Tom never owns up to his mistakes.
Mary never owns up to her mistakes.
Tom queued behind an old biddy with a full trolley.
Mary is upset because Tom called her an old biddy.
Tom is deceptively slow.
They came in such great numbers: all of them, big and small.
Tom is Scottish, but he doesn't speak Scots.
Tom has a thick Scottish accent.
Tom's favourite beverage is Scotch whiskey.
Tom's favorite beverage is Scotch whiskey.
Tom has been working at Pernod Ricard UK for 3 years.
Mary divorced Tom to marry Alice.
Tom's favourite poet is Robert Burns.
Tom's favorite poet is Robert Burns.
A lot of girls can successfully hide their autism, sometimes evading diagnosis well into adulthood.
When the waiter finally arrived, Tom ordered cheese and biscuits.
Tom, if you want cheese and crackers, just come and get them.
Tom is a tosser.
Tom's a tosser.
Tom is a complete tosser.
Tom's a complete tosser.
Tom can't see the wood for the trees.
Tom is such an artful dodger that he always finds a way to get out of trouble.
Tom thinks that the new reddit app is much clunkier than the one he's currently using.
I haven't seen Tom in donkey's years.
Tom has been living in Birmingham for donkey's years.
Mary has been a vegetarian for donkey's years.
Tom has been a vegetarian for donkey's years.
Tom hasn't been using his computer for donkey's years.
Tom is a Brummie.
Tom is a Londoner.
Tom is a Scouser.
Tom is a Scouser at heart.
Tom proved he is a Scouser at heart.
Tom left Liverpool 30 years ago, but he still has a scouse accent.
Tom is a Mancunian.
I've got to rush now.
There's no such thing as bad weather.
Tom is an ignorant cunt.
Tom is an ignorant wanker.
Tom is an utter prick.
The Tube is less crowded today.
Tom hates the Tube.
Tom is an arrogant wanker.
It's going to cost you an arm and a leg, and possibly a few internal organs too.
Tom lost his husband a few months ago.
Tom died for your sins.
Tom didn't die for that.
Tom made a driving faux pas and nearly died from the glares of annoyance from the other drivers.
Tom is probably on the spectrum.
Tom didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose him.
Tom likes living dangerously.
Aww, Tom is unbelievably cute.
Aww, Mary is unbelievably cute.
Tom, you're an utter twat.
Get your dirty hands off Tom.
Mary called Tom a knob.
Tom has a naked poster of himself above his bed.
Tom is one of those managers who call you to tell you they've sent you an email.
Tom started a new religion in 2019.
For Tom so loved the world that he gave his one and only daughter, Mary, that whoever believes in her shall not perish but have eternal life.
Tom pooped his pants at his sister's wedding.
Esther volunteers at a hospital.
Esther survived the Holocaust.
Esther is a Holocaust survivor.
Esther teaches Hebrew.
Esther has a number on her arm.
My friend has recently been very secretive and sneaky.
Tom installed a TomTom Sat Nav in his car.
Don't forget to read your books.
Don't forget to return your books.
The Jews are tired.
Tom doesn't give money to chuggers out of principle.
What is consciousness and why did it evolve?
Tom's favourite show is Game of Thrones.
Pantheism is harmless but not particularly interesting.
Tom's favourite show is Black Mirror.
A cenotaph is a monument erected to honour the dead whose bodies lie elsewhere.
Tom is known for his wit and unflappability.
Kabyle is one of the languages threatened in Algeria.
The Amazigh flag that unites all North African countries is a cultural flag. It was prohibited by the current General of the Armed Forces in Algeria.
Thomas Jefferson said, "If you are willing to sacrifice some freedom to feel safe, you deserve neither."
Thomas Jefferson said, "He who sacrifices freedom for security deserves neither."
Maybe the real treasure was the friends we made along the way.
Israel is a parliamentary democracy.
Tel Aviv is the diplomatic, economic and financial center of Israel.
Since its creation in 1948, the State of Israel has suffered numerous attacks and declarations of war from neighboring Arab countries.
Israel is a state located on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea in the Near East in Western Asia.
All the toponymy of Israel is Jewish.
Israel is a multi-party parliamentary republic and a liberal democracy that adopts universal suffrage.
I dream of going to visit Israel.
Israel is a beautiful country.
Israelis are very hospitable.
The State of Israel is peaceful.
Israel is one of the great countries in all fields.
Israel is the land of all authentic prophets.
Mike Brant is an Israeli singer of international renown. He is very appreciated by the Algerian women.
The Kabyle people are very admiring of the Jewish people.
Amos Oz was one of the most widely read Israeli writers in the world.
Israeli cuisine is very good.
American cinema, which is the best in the world, is propelled by Jews.
The founder of Citroën Mr. André Citroën is Jewish.
The American cinema is marked by great Jewish actors such as Paul Newman, Harrisson Ford, Sean Penn, Kirk Douglas, Woody Allen, Jake Gyllenhaal, Dustin Hoffman, Scarlett Johansson ...
Noam Chomsky is a Jewish intellectual of international renown.
Hollywood itself was founded by a Jew.
Jerry Lewis is a famous Jewish actor.
Kabylia is a country apart.
Kabylie is the country of Kabyle people.
The Kabyle are Berber but they are secular unlike other Berbers.
Kabyle are the indigenous people of Algeria.
Kabylie has been invaded by Arabs since 1962.
Kabylia has a long history.
When was Kabylia established?
How old is Kabylia?
Between 1962 and 2019, there were numerous uprisings in Kabylie against the Algerian occupation.
Kabylia has an important port located in Bejaia.
Kabylian infrastructure is relatively good.
Kabylie is mainly mountainous which attracts a lot of tourists.
The Arabs colonized Algeria and began to colonize Kabylie since 1962.
Arabs and Kabyle are not the same.
The Arabs have killed thousands of Kabyle people since 1962.
Algerian Arabs have tortured thousands of Kabyle people since 1962.
The Algerian army has burned thousands of hectares in Kabylie since 1962.
The Algerian Arab army raped hundreds of Kabyle women between 1963 and 1965.
The Algerian Arab army murdered Kabyle intellectuals in the 1990s.
Algerian Arab gendarmes fired live ammunition on peaceful young Kabyle protesters. They killed 128 young Kabyle people and disabled thousands of Kabyle for life.
Algerian Arab gendarmes live from Baksheesh, they are nevertheless very well paid by the Algerian assassin power.
Algerians disguise the socio-political reality of their country by pride and hypocrisy.
Algerians support the Algerian criminal army and corrupted Algerian power only out of pure hatred of the Kabyle.
Algerian Arabs vote for Islamist political parties but migrate to secular and libertarian countries.
Algerian Arabs veil their sisters but violate and beat women who are not veiled.
Algerian Arabs veil their sisters and their wives but spend their time watching pornographic films.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle by pure jealousy. Because the Kabyle are respectful of other cultures.
The Algerian Arabs want the annihilation of everything that is Kabyle, and the Algerian corrupt power fulfills its wishes.
Algerian Arabs mask their hatred of the Kabyle by hypocritical nationalism.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but to win the sympathy of the French they say they are Kabyle.
Algerian Arabs hate Kabyle but want to marry Kabyle to have prestige and respect.
The Algerian Arabs are happy when the Kabyle are killed by their Arab-Islamist army.
Algerian Arabs are united only with Arab-Islamists.
Algerian Arabs are in solidarity only with Palestinian Arab Muslims.
Algerian Arabs are predominantly fenient and hypocritical.
Algerian power is corrupt and criminal against the Kabyle.
The minority of Kabyle who support the criminal and corrupt Algerian state are Islamist Kabyle.
Algerians hate Israel because their religion allows them to kill Jews.
The majority of Algerians behave like barbarians where they emigrate.
Feck!
The famous Kabyle writer Mouloud Feraoun, cowardly assassinated by the OAS in 1962, would have said: "It is only when we become another that we can know who we are."
The majority of Algerians support the Algerian military regime for lack of an Islamist regime.
The majority of Algerians are schizophrenic, they vote for Islamists but emigrate to the West.
To find work in France, Algerian Arabs pretend to be Kabyle.
When Algerian Arabs are insulted by the true Arabs of the East, they remember for a moment that they have Berber origins.
Algerian Muslims spend their time insulting Israel but never invent anything except terrorism.
Algerian Muslims spend their time threatening Israel but never go to action because they are cowardly.
Algeria is a racist country that beats Sub-Saharans and Kabyle.
Algeria prohibits all church building.
Algeria hates the Jewish people for no good reason.
Algerian Muslims impose the construction of mosques in the West but forbid the construction of churches in Algeria.
The consulates of Algiers require foreigners to convert to Islam to marry an Algerian.
Most Western names are forbidden to newborns in Algeria. But it is in the West that Algerians like to emigrate.
Most Algerians will prefer French colonialism to seeing a Berber Algeria.
Most Algerians are Islamists, some show it but others will hide it.
Most Algerians are against secularism because they are deeply Muslim.
Islam is absolutely antinomic to freedom of worship.
The Muslims dream of dominating the world that's why they hate Israel, which has groomed them in the East.
Tom's favourite actress is Ellen Page.
Those who feed on waiting risk starving.
In Kabylia, we speak the Kabyle language.
In Kabylie we eat couscous, the iconic dish of kabylie.
In Kabylia olive oil is used a lot.
Couscous is the traditional dish of Kabylie.
The majority of Kabyle are secular unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Kabyle voters vote for secular parties, unlike the majority of Algerians.
The majority of Algerians vote for Islamists who are yet corrupt and uneducated.
Algerian Arabs cut up a tiger that fled the zoo. It was the gendarmes who killed him.
Open sewers are very common in Algeria.
Plague, bilharziasis and cholera are very common in Algeria.
Rape and pedophilia are very common in Algeria.
In Algeria we go to the hospital and we catch other more serious diseases.
In Algeria, a woman goes to the police station for an assault and the cops touch the victim sexually.
To be a policeman or a minister in Algeria you have to be a thug.
Intelligence services in Algeria instead of spying on dangerous people they spy on modernist opponents and the oppressed.
Algerians beat up those who do not observe Ramadan but do nothing against those who steal a whole country.
Algerians spend their time watching soccer games, praying in mosques and napping at coffee bars.
Algerians are so lazy that they brought back Chinese people to build everything.
When Algerians slaughter their sheep on the day of Eid, they throw the viscera in the street.
Algerians slaughter their sheep on the day of Eid in front of their children.
In Algeria there is no playground for children.
In Algeria children play in front of the sewers for lack of playground.
Algerian leaders build only mosques, but when they are sick they go abroad.
Algeria has built the second biggest mosque in the world and does not have a serious hospital.
Algerians and Mexicans have one thing in common: the nap.
A woman was raped in broad daylight. Algerians are reproaching her for not wearing a veil.
The Algerian army spends billions for the arms race but has no valid factory, everything is imported.
The Algerian army spends billions on arms only to kill Kabyle people.
Algeria threatens Israel with its propaganda media but buys weapons and satellites.
Ashkenazi Hebrew uses a sibilant fricative where Yemenite Hebrew has a non-sibilant fricative.
Most languages have bilabial consonants.
In English, F and V are labiodental fricatives.
Esther thought the narwhal was so cute.
Esther didn't have time to eat the continental breakfast.
Esther's hotel room came with a continental breakfast.
According to Jewish tradition, the first fratricide was also the first homicide.
Buggery is good, actually.
That certainly is specific, Moyshe.
Some like it hot, they say.  Maybe they're talking about milk, or hedgehog. What do you think it is?
The Algerian state is dictatorial.
We wish for fraternity to prevail over discord.
I understand absolutely nothing.
I did not understand anything.
I did not see anything.
Kabylie is a country in its own right.
Kabylie is a tolerant country unlike Algeria.
Kabylie is a secure country unlike Algeria.
Algeria is a country that finances terrorism.
Algeria is a country that creates terrorism on its own territory.
Algeria does not respect human rights.
Algeria finances Islamists and terrorism.
Algeria has never respected human rights.
Algeria will never respect human rights.
The Algerian army has murdered pacifist monks.
The Algerian army has raped Kabyle women.
The Algerian army rigs the election.
The Algerian army assassinated President Boudiaf.
The Algerian army fired on Kabylian protesters in 1988 and 2001.
The Algerian army colonized Kabylia and instigated terror in the villages.
Algeria is a big country in Africa but it is the smallest in terms of human rights.
Algeria fights secularism and democracy.
The Algerian school teaches only hatred against Jews and Christians.
Christians are persecuted in Algeria.
Atheists are lynched and murdered in Algeria.
The Kabyle speak Kabyle.
The Kabyle are not Algerian but only Kabyle.
Dinosaurs can be divided into avian dinosaurs and non-avian dinosaurs.
Non-avian dinosaurs are all dinosaurs other than birds.
Tom is a Brexiteer, unlike his wife, Mary, who is a Remoaner.
Some Muslims are not tolerant.
Muslims who are tolerant are no longer Muslims because they no longer apply the precepts of Islam that are liberticidal.
Most Muslims hate Jews, Christians and atheists.
A Muslim who says he loves Jews is a liar.
Algeria is the last country in the world for justice.
Algeria teaches hatred of everything that is not Muslim and Arab.
Algeria assassinated Kamel-Eddine Fekhar.
Algeria practices genocide against Kabyle and Mozabite.
Algeria has created Islamist terrorism of the 90s to bar the road to the laity Kabyle.
The Kabyle State protects its Kabyle citizens.
Kabyle authority protects Kabyle language and culture.
The Kabyle government is fighting for the independence of Kabylia, which is undergoing genocide by colonial Algeria.
The Kabyle people and the Kurdish people are fighting the same fight against Arab-Muslim imperialism.
The Kabyle people and the Jewish people are fighting the same fight against the Arab-Islamists.
In Algeria there are the Arab people and the Kabyle people.
In Algeria the Kabyle are dominated by the Arabs because of the support of Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries.
All Arab countries are underdeveloped.
All Arab countries do not respect any human rights.
Algeria is an artificial country created by France.
Who does not repent of one fault commits another.
"The end of the world is not about to happen", said Titus Livus.
"The end of the world is not about to happen", said Livy.
"The end of the world is not for tomorrow", said Livy.
"I saw more than the others because I was on the shoulders of giants," said Isaac Newton.
Germany is a big country.
Hypocrisy and violence are a cultural fact in Algeria.
Algerians veil their wives but deceive them too.
In Algeria hospitals are built in front of the cemeteries.
In Algeria the economy is capitalist but the culture is communist.
In Algeria we cure cancer and AIDS by reciting the Koran.
In Algeria all diseases can be cured by camel piss.
In Algeria autism is due to the evil eye.
The real president of the Algerians is General Gaïd Salah.
The real power in Algeria is in the hands of the political police.
The Algerian security system works exactly like the Gestapo.
The Algerian regime is a Stalinist regime.
Algeria is a dictatorial country.
In Algeria there is no tourism because of Islamists and thugs.
In Algeria there has never been any electoral transparency.
In Algeria, gang rapes are very common.
Exorcism is practiced in Algeria because we see evil everywhere.
In Algeria even doctors believe in exorcism and the evil eye.
In Algeria, patients are sent to exorcists and imams.
In Algeria, ministers and presidents pray for rain in hot weather.
In Algeria ministers make a televised prayer for rain in drought, but they all have cisterns at home.
The Algerian generals are the gods of Algeria.
General Gaïd Salah is a lion in Algeria but a worm in the West and everywhere else.
Bouteflika has reigned over Algerians for 20 years and since 2019 General Gaïd Salah has taken his place.
In Algeria you have to be a soldier to earn a living and to be respected.
All Algerian neighborhoods are dirty except where the generals live.
Algerians engage in the army only to oppress "other Algerians".
It's like you said: It's great!
It's as you said: it's perfect!
It's as you said: it's impeccable!
Damn!  It hurts to see my identity crumble.
Phew! It hurts to see my identity wither.
Monarchs get the guillotine.
This mistake cost me a leg.
This story cost me a limb.
I am neither the right wing nor the left one. I am the bird.
Blame is like the wind; if we see it, we feel it.
Please clap.
You can not stop the dog from barking, let alone the liar from lying.
It appears more and more that we do not share the same planet.
Do not eat prickly pears together with fresh figs! Otherwise, you will be sorry!
Do not add prickly pears to fresh figs! Otherwise, you will be sorry!
Tom is a pillock.
Tom's a pillock.
We do not know that one, my friend. Please explain it to us!
Go and read, please, what this firebrand is writing to me!
The beating is a jerk that someone undergoes and will never forget.
Anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at bottom the light appears.
The anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at the bottom appears the light.
I couldn't give a flying flamingo what your view is.
Why wouldn't you stipulate that in the contract?
I don't understand why Esther of all people would vote for such a warmonger.
It's a good article, but it could use some copyediting.
I don't think it's true that cell phones cause tumors, Esther.
How many secondary schools are there in Bialystok?
I need your professional advice, Ruth.
When did you become such a conservationist, Hadassah?
I thought this was supposed to be a land of milk and honey.
Cell phones don't cause tumors, Esther.
Please like our Facebook page.
Like our Facebook page.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and share.
Don't forget to like, subscribe and turn on the bell notifications.
Go chase yourself!
If plowing could be done with nothing but a look, anyone would do it.
Time is a great master; the trouble is that it kills its students.
Esther's cat is a rescue.
Whether you lick them or not, they will soften you by shriveling your brain, even by breaking your neck.
Write it for me in a sentence.
Let us pay tribute to MoḥYa, so as not to forget, he who perhaps listens to us, since he lives so far through his words, for eternity.
Eat, otherwise you'll be hungry!
Believe me, it hasn't been going well for a long time!
He saw that I was beside myself.
I was angry: I began to go crazy!
Whoever walks backward collapses.
People flatter the elephant and trample the ant.
Esther is a Jewish lesbian.
One nail drives out another, as say the elders.
Such a joke! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? Forget about it!
Such a joke! Do you believe that they will lay down their arms? Forget it!
It's no joke! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? You should forget about it!
Such a fake! Do you think that they will lay down their guns? You must be kidding!
Our elders said: If a discussion is brief, it is profitable; if it persists, it is harmful.
The protesters shouted, "Death to America!"
Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
The lion said "See how the flies know that I'm in trouble!"
We are still waiting for a sign that we must continue to believe that cordial science can make things happen.
Give us peace with your tangled hair: go brush it!
The arugula that the cow did not want delighted the ox.
Till now, the total number of my sentences has been periodically decreasing by one to five at a time. That's not funny!
Before I reported it here, five to twenty sentences went by the wayside!
La Palice said, "A few minutes before his death, he was still alive."
Why does a proverb say: "A foreign cock is pecked by everyone"?
Why, then, does a proverb say: "A foreign rooster is pecked by everyone"?
When the squash is pulled out, the trellis comes with it.
When the gears of a mill are ruined, what would its wheels be for?
People are right in saying that we really lend only to the rich!
He will leave his name, he will remain forever, for eternity.
In the past, things were arranged at a glance; now we cannot do it even in war, or that's how it seems.
However, I was only guessing: great tragedies have always occurred.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra." is like "Someone is attacking an ash tree with a sickle," one of our friends tells us.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra" means something like "Someone is attacking a mountain with a hoe", says another of our friends.
The protesters chanted, "No borders! No wall! No U.S.A. at all!"
Down with borders!
Tatoeba does not exist solely or even principally for the purpose of your downstream project.
Those who are stung by wasps take their revenge on grasshoppers.
I had to harvest oats but I found the chickpeas in good shape.
I swear I really tried everything.  Me too, I used to set traps, but I was never able to catch even a cockchafer, neither with a mandarin nor with a fig.
These sentences are not proverbs.  These are figures of speech heard from our elders.
I was going to get taller when I was overtaken by my grandson.
Tom is a filthy piece of toerag.
Tom's a filthy piece of toerag.
Mary called Tom a filthy piece of toerag.
And then, dreams became nightmares.
"The lizard dares to face the hydra" means something like "His opponent is too strong for him to face."
That's where I made lots of bundles you picked up only twigs.
Where I took faggots, you could only take twigs.
Why are you meddling?
Tom seems quite chipper about the whole situation.
Someone said, "I met two very beautiful women who were whispering. I did not understand a word."
Someone said, "I met two lipstick bombshells whispering. I did not catch anything."
So you have a broken back, you poor thing!
Give some oil to the cat who has swallowed poison, girls; quickly!
"Well, thank goodness, the fresh eggs with which you bombed him are not red! Otherwise, he would have thought you injured him!"
Louis is having a moment.
How can two people get along, when the third is crooked?
Once two people involved in a dispute have explained themselves, they arrange a compromise.
If you meet those who say, "Give the cat some oil," tell them to lubricate your back with about seven spoonfuls in order to get up and go to work.
I am with you, to support your words.
Be gay. Commit crimes.
I have no anger after what you said.
I do not feel any anger after what you said.
Your words did not upset me at all.
I was pissed off by those you talk about who work for their lords.
I was in a rage against those whom you quote and who work hard for their magnates.
Who sows the wind harvests the storm, they say.
Jesus is annoying.
You, you just want to piss me off!
Micah likes to argue.
Jews refrain from proselytizing and even discourage others from converting.
The Christians of Nazareth ethnically cleansed their Jewish population in the 7th century.
The Christians massacred the vast majority of Jews remaining in Palestine in the aftermath of the Byzantine-Sasanian war.
He is fat and bloated; those who do not know him cannot recognize him.
Warblers are birds that arrive in autumn, during the plowing. Our friend said this. He added: there are all kinds.
The warbler is a bird coming in at autumn, during the plowings. Our friend said it. And he added: there are all kinds.
Mary thinks Tom is a country bumpkin.
Tom is such a one-upper.
Tom has a one-to-one teaching assistant at school.
Tom's been granted an EHCP.
Mary thinks Tom is an utter wankstain.
If we gave priority to the veal and take very little colostrum, it passes. The man forgets himself, alas!
Perfection is inside, they say.
"If money does not bring peace, give it back," said Jules Renard.
George W. Bush should stand trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
You cannot cover a house with a single tile.
Two mountains and a long plain are between us, my friend, sings Cherifa.
The elders say: the guest of a day is welcome; the one of two days weighs; he who insinuates more than that, do make him understand that.
Do you speak Ladino?
According to Judaism, life begins at birth and not at conception.
I was removing fleas from the dog when he barked at me.
Each country is in the image of its inhabitants.
Anza is the moaning that some people hear at night, in houses where people have been slaughtered or have suffered a violent death.
Learning a language includes learning to use and understand political and religious language.
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
I hope I did not write nonsense.
Nobody can roof a house with a single tile.
Rightfully so.
I am beside myself!
He showed his greatness so many times!
As another of our friends has said, translation is not about replacing one language with others. Translation will, on the contrary, help the language to enter the scientific field so that it can be promoted again and again. We should open our eyes: there is a huge difference between a translated language, which can be adopted, and an orphaned language whose mere diffusion would constrain it, even if that were not the original intention.
Hail Satan!
Tom is just a luvvy.
Tom's just a luvvy.
What is the most popular video in YouTube?
What is the most popular video in DTube?
"How much is it?" "50 euros." "And how much is that in dollars?"
White cake glaze is made by mixing powdered sugar and boiling water.
Sugar molecules in food caramelise at around 180 degree Celsius.
Cats are very important people.
Wikipedia has been blocked in Turkey since April 29, 2017.
Panko bread crumbs are a variety of flaky bread crumbs used in Japanese cuisine as a crunchy coating for fried foods.
The lion said "The flies know that I'm in trouble!"
Slice the kale, and add it to a pan, with olive oil, garlic, salt and pepper, and wait until it is soft and tasty.
Crack eggs, mix them with a fork, add cheese and tomatoes, then fry it all in a pan.
Cut all vegetables and fry them with spices.
Smash the boiled pumpkin pieces then add some salt and spices.
He forced me to dig my father's grave and, to add insult to injury, he stole the pick.
Mathematics is just a subset of type theory.
A scalded cat fears cold water.
I have been here since yesterday.
Thus spake Zarathustra.
Did you just learn that word?
Did you just learn that word today?
"Imbecile." "Did you just learn that word today?"
"Imbecile." "Did you just learn that word?"
Only poetry lasts for ever.
He went to visit her while she was living in London.
It's all gobbledygook to me.
Tom said it was all gobbledygook to him.
Tom's eyes are bluish hazel.
Tom, give me that thingy over there, please.
Ununbium is the chemical element with symbol Uub and atomic number 112.
The connexion is miserable today!
He was going to run away but he had lost his shoes!
It is our duty to leave to posterity what we know and what we will have gathered.
When someone forgets you, do not bother him.
When someone ignores you, do not bother him.
When someone ignores you, forget about him.
Private property is theft.
Did you know that the toponyms that I have just given are those of places of Djemaa-Saharidj village?
Don't see your language on Common Voice yet?
For these launched languages the website has been successfully localized, and has enough sentences collected to allow for ongoing Speak and Listen contributions.
In Progress.
These languages are currently under community development.
The progress bars indicate how far each language is in the process of website localization and sentence collection.
The "Help" link takes you to a page of frequently asked questions.
Sign up for Common Voice newsletters, goal reminders and progress updates.
Help us find others to donate their voice!
This content is available under a Creative Commons license.
In addition to the Common Voice dataset, we’re also building an open source speech recognition engine called Deep Speech.
Both of these projects are part of our efforts to bridge the digital speech divide.
Voice recognition technologies bring a human dimension to our devices, but developers need an enormous amount of voice data to build them.
Currently, most of that data is expensive and proprietary.
We want to make voice data freely and publicly available, and make sure the data represents the diversity of real people.
Together we can make voice recognition better for everyone.
We’re crowdsourcing an open-source dataset of voices.
Donate your voice, validate the accuracy of other people’s clips, make the dataset better for everyone.
Contributors record voice clips by reading from a bank of donated sentences.
Voice clips are entered into a submission queue that readies them for listening.
Users validate the accuracy of donated clips, checking that the speaker read the sentence correctly.
Is the clip valid?
A voice clip is marked "valid" when a user gives it a Yes vote.
To make it into the Common Voice dataset, a voice clip must be validated by two separate users.
The Common Voice Dataset contains hundreds of thousands of voice samples that help developers build voice recognition tools.
When a user rejects a voice clip it returns to the Queue.
If rejected a second time, the voice clip is moved to the Clip Graveyard.
The Clip Graveyard consists of voice clips that didn't make it into the Common Voice dataset.
Just like the dataset, the Clip Graveyard is available for download.
Get involved.
Want to help make Common Voice even better?
Get in touch via email or on Discourse, submit feedback through GitHub, or join us on Slack.
The "Shortcuts" menu lists keys you can press to perform some common actions quickly.
Click the "Report" button to report a problem with the sentence.
Click the "Skip" button to skip the current sentence.
Click the "Submit" button to submit your voice recordings.
Click the microphone icon.
Click the microphone icon, then read the sentence aloud.
Click the play icon. Did they say the sentence accurately?
We’re building an open source, multi-language dataset of voices that anyone can use to train speech-enabled applications.
We believe that large, publicly available voice datasets will foster innovation and healthy commercial competition in machine-learning based speech technology.
Common Voice’s multi-language dataset is already the largest publicly available voice dataset of its kind, but it’s not the only one.
Look to this page as a reference hub for other open source voice datasets and, as Common Voice continues to grow, a home for our release updates.
Anarchy is order without power.
He did not say a single word.
Anarchy is order.
Iraqi Jews wrote the Talmud.
Kiss to your heart's content.
Do kiss to your heart's content.
The democratically-elected indigenous-led government of Bolivia was just overthrown by a far-right white supremacist military coup.
We live in a heteronormative society.
Quit preaching; you're boring me.
I don't care about Jesus.
Bernie Sanders would not have been left-wing enough for any of the Jewish socialists of old.
America today has very little in the way of a left wing, and Israel has even less of one.
I don't know nothing!
Riddle, enigma: I aimed at my heels and I touched my nose. What is it ? What's that? (tarf, fart).
You should let me cool down, otherwise I'll say something I might regret.
I willingly give the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
I leave the grain to the hase and I even give up the straw.
You should leave me cool; otherwise, I will say a possible blunder!
The gist of the Nuremberg trials is that if you don't punch Nazis, you're as bad as they are.
She's hated him as long as I can remember.
Mary is one of those people who say "lol" in real life.
Antisemitism is the socialism of fools.
I have the best words.
The Berber flag has an upper band of blue like the Mediterranean Sea, then a green band like the plains of Tamazgha, and finally a yellow band representing the desert. Upon these stripes is superimposed the letter Aza (yaz) ⵥ, symbolizing the tifinagh, ancient writing of Imazighen, in red, representing blood and freedom.
Tom is one of those people who say "lol" in real life.
All intellectual property is theft from the public domain.
He squeaks all the time like a door with rusty hinges.
A young man went to his girlfriend's parents. While he was there, she cooked honey cake for him. When he returned, his mother, smiling, said to him, "Will there be a wedding soon?" "Yes, Mom!" he replied. "One taste, and I said yes!"
It is not very unreasonable that the rich should contribute to the public expense, not only in proportion to their revenue, but something more than in that proportion.
That probably didn't happen.
That probably didn't happen the way he said it did.
I wouldn't believe that happened the way he said it did.
I don't believe that happened the way he said it did.
I don't think that happened the way he said it did.
He's probably exaggerating.
I'm not sure it's worth looking into.
What if no one bought anything on Black Friday?
This pizza is terrible.
Don't wake the cat.
You can't get alcohol in gas stations here.
"I don't think your cat likes me." "Oh trust me, she won't leave you alone once she warms up to you."
Watch your step; the cat's around here somewhere.
Their pizza is the worst.
The dog's getting old.
You can't expect everyone to understand.
Not everyone is going to understand.
Can you believe that old dog wasn't supposed to live past a year?
No one's ever been there.
No one's ever come back from there.
No one's ever been there and lived to tell the tale.
Lots of people have tried.
It's a bit silly, don't you think?
That's a little silly, don't you think?
Don't you think that's a little silly?
Watch your step; there's a cat around here somewhere.
Don't step on the cat.
You should go to bed immediately.
We demand your unconditional surrender.
As Michael Jackson said in the Book of Exodus, "Anachronisms are fun."
Against May, Whitsonday, or other time, all the yung men and maides, olde men and wives, ran gadding over night to the woods, groves, hils, and mountains, where they spend all the night in plesant pastimes ; and in the morning they return, bringing with them birch and branches of trees, to deck their assemblies withall.
And no mervaile, for there is a great Lord present amongst them, as superintendent over their pastimes and sportes, namely, Sathan, prince of hel.
Tom doesn't have a favorite color.
Tom doesn't have a favourite colour.
Tom sent a letter to Satan instead of Santa.
There are many similarities between the vowel systems of Ashkenazi and Yemenite Hebrew.
Israeli Hebrew is based on the Sephardi reading tradition.
Ashkenazi and Yemenite Hebrew are closely related to the Tiberian reading tradition of the Masoretic Text, while Sephardi Hebrew is more closely related to the Palestinian tradition.
I am on strike from the 8th to the 12th of December.
Boys are more often diagnosed with autism than girls.
The platypus, a small amphibious Austrian mammal, is a very shy animal.
Tom says he's not superstitious, but he walked two blocks out of the way to avoid a black cat.
Esther's cousin survived the Holocaust by hiding in a storage room close to the Budapest ghetto.
Esther is baking challah.
Esther is making challah.
Esther is making matza ball soup.
Zionism has always been a fundamentally antisemitic project.
Well, it's Groundhog Day... again!
The people of Hartlepool are referred to as "monkey hangers".
Goodness me! What a beautiful arse!
Goodness me!
Boris Johnson is a racist, an antisemite, and an Islamophobe.
The British Conservative Party is responsible for the deaths of over a hundred thousand disabled people.
British voters overwhelmingly re-elected a racist, antisemitic, and Islamophobic prime minister.
Radical leftism is good, actually.
Tom didn't come to our last Christmas do at work.
Donald Trump's antisemitic rhetoric about George Soros incited the Tree of Life synagogue shooting.
Anyway, expressions like "Muslims love Jesus and Moses ... and vice versa" are cryptic sweetened sibylline sentences addressed to Evangelical and or Orthodox ears who think no less or sometimes worse. It was only when I saw a famous TRUMPetist dancing with all the turbaned people in the Gulf that I understood and thought: they surely have things to share, our resources, for example.  Religion is just used as a tool for INTROMISSION, more or less admitted, for those who exhibit recessive genes, or  according to their  predispositions ability to the kamasutra positions.
Judaism defies easy categorization.
Rudy Giuliani, who is not Jewish, claims he's more Jewish than Holocaust survivor George Soros because Soros "doesn't go to church."
Mitch McConnell is everything people think Trump is, and has been in power for much longer.
Merry bloody Christmas!
How many animals can you see?
Esther's back on her bullshit.
Borech's back on his bullshit.
Sami's back on his bullshit.
Looks like Esther's back on her bullshit.
All Jacob ever does is co-sign your bullshit.
I don't understand quantum physics.
The cat's asleep.
The ferret's asleep.
The turtle's asleep.
Why would you want a pet turtle?
I'd like to start a bunny shelter.
I know of a bunny shelter in Ohio.
Pigs are very intelligent animals.
I think pigs are adorable.
Pigs are adorable.
I've got a pet tarantula.
My tarantula's name is Gemini.
I've never seen a koala in person before.
I've never seen a koala in the wild before.
My ultrasound is on Tuesday.
It can happen here, too.
It could happen here, too.
And that man was Albert Einstein.
"John, is that you?" "Noooo, it's Santa Claus!"
I'm not eligible to vote.
Tom says he's not eligible to vote.
If Twitter joined the Fediverse, it would almost instantly be blocked by most of the rest of the Fediverse on account of its tolerance for bigotry and Nazism.
It is a colonial divide-and-conquer strategy to pit religious people against one another.
Divide-and-conquer strategies involve pitting groups against one another.
Like pitting the Jews against the Muslims, pitting LGBTQ people against religious minorities is a means of social control.
Esther likes happy hardcore.
My mother was the best math student in her high school.
My mother has worked for most of her life.
My mother helped build the playground outside the school I attended.
My mother has worked most of her life.
My mother loves football.
My grandmother loved football and baseball.
Winner winner chicken dinner!
"Guess what?" "Chicken butt!"
Tom is a total bellend.
Tom's a total bellend.
Could you please tell Tom he's a total bellend?
Tom is a bloody bellend, innit?
In the eighteenth century, women were treated as second-class citizens.
I wish you a year of peace and happiness.
I wish him a year of peace and happiness.
I wish her a year of peace and happiness.
Tomayto, tomahto.
Whoever does not handle a scythe or harvest eats what he finds.
In their family Tom is the one who does the school runs.
George Soros learned Esperanto from a young age, but it has never been confirmed that he is a native speaker.
The paper said he committed suicide by cop.
The paper said his death was a case of suicide by cop.
We always need others even if one is in adequacy with oneself me. The doubt! We also say, better to be wrong together than to be right alone.
Mary is such a little cheeky chops!
Tom would never say boo to a goose.
Tom was such a scallywag as a kid.
What really wiggles my tits is singing out of tune.
It's always good to meet another ace person.
"I fear the rain," said the stone. "What would I say, me!" replied the clod of earth.
It's always awkward seeing someone you know in the supermarket. You either have to stop and talk to them, or avoid them at all costs for the duration of your shopping.
I'm sick and tired of your shit.
Tom is wearing a red pompom hat and a pink scarf.
Peace begins at home.
If Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
The Electoral College is a disaster for a democracy.
When I look at myself in the first grade and I look at myself now, I’m basically the same. The temperament is not that different.
I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters.
I think I am actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.
Many of our greatest strides, from gaining our independence to abolition of civil rights, have been led by people of faith.
The apple I gave John is red.
She's a mousy woman.
She's very self-conscious.
He's very self-conscious.
Tom has never drunk an alcopop in his life.
Free East Turkestan!
Free Tibet!
Free Rojava!
I was going to get bigger when my grandson got ahead of me.
One of his election promises was more tailwind on bicycle paths.
Hold my beer.
The Nazis were not defeated peacefully.
That's a very pretty tree.
Socialism is when the government does stuff.
If he was still alive, he would have made the house prosper.
If he were still of this world, his offspring would be prosperous.
He's always mansplaining.
May God make each of you cover the other, like the tiles.
May God make you like the tiles so that each covers the other.
Franz Kafka said, in "The Lost Time" (or perhaps, orally, Woody Allen): "Eternity is long ... especially around the end."
What a disorder!
What do you want, cat?
Tom never writes.
His friends made him change his mind.
Thanks, I hate it.
That's a pen.
That's a pen, not a pencil.
That's a pencil, not a pen.
That's not a pencil; it's a pen.
That's not a pen; it's a pencil.
In a week, it will be two months since I write in the lying position; even if it is binding, the Kabyle language still needs to be worked on. What else would its speakers be for, then?
Cats are very affectionate.
Cats can be very affectionate.
Cats can be very affectionate to people who respect their boundaries.
Cats are very affectionate to people who respect their boundaries.
Everyone is losing their minds.
We went to the Aga Khan Museum.
The Aga Khan Museum is beautiful.
"Thanks." "No, thank YOU!"
The game was fixed.
The match was fixed.
The game was rigged.
Some people fight back.
"I'm hungry." "Hi Hungry; I'm Dad!"
Gambling needs to be looked at not as a personal failing, but as an aspect of an exploitative system.
Addiction is not a personal failing but an aspect of an exploitative system.
Rush Limbaugh is dying of lung cancer.
The accepted branches of Afroasiatic are Berber, Chadic, Cushitic, Egyptian, Omotic, and Semitic.
Rush Limbaugh can't die soon enough.
"What will happen to our Kabyle language?" "It will endure forever!"
Esther sent me an instant message.
If you need more room on the screen, you can toggle the sidebar off.
He had a tendency to seize on any insecurity he saw.
Esther sent me an IM.
Esther gave me an IM injection.
I wear this tinfoil hat to keep the Pentagon from spying on me.
She works at the Pentagon.
I've identified several vulnerabilities in the Pentagon's security.
I'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
She'd like to see the Pentagon dismantled.
Aviva plays in a Mastodon tribute band.
Aviva plays in a Pink Floyd tribute band.
Beyle plays in an Evanescence tribute band.
Esther is playing the title role in Jane Eyre.
Aviva is playing the title role in a play based on the Book of Esther.
Aviva is playing the title role in a dramatization of the Book of Esther.
Esther is playing the title role in a dramatization of the Book of Esther. It's the role she was born to play!
Solipsism only exists if I believe it does.
I taught a class on solipsism, but I was the only one there.
I went to a class on solipsism and nobody else was there.
I don't get why you would pride yourself on being a jerk.
You pride yourself on being pretentious, don't you?
You pride yourself on being a jerk.
I need to unclutter my desktop.
I need to declutter my purse.
I told Tom to be more fabulous.
I took a class on solipsism, but I was the only one there.
All languages are dialects.
I know you're not wrong.
"Kids these days have it too easy." "OK, boomer."
"Back in my day kids were so much tougher." "OK, boomer."
Anarchy isn't a lack of rules; it's a lack of rulers.
Every anarchist is a socialist, but every socialist is not necessarily an anarchist.
We anarchists do not want to emancipate the people; we want the people to emancipate themselves.
In short, the Anarchist tendency is a necessity of progress, a protest against usurpation, privilege, and injustice.
Tom asked Mary politely to budge up.
Nations are socially constructed.
The Klingon word for Algeria has yet to be revealed.
The Klingon word for Morocco is "maghrIb."
The Klingon word for Egypt is "maSIr."
The Klingon word for Libya is "lIbya'."
The Klingon word for Syria is "Surya'."
I'm not fluent in Klingon.
There is enough food in the world to feed everyone.
In the United States, there are five empty homes for every homeless person.
I love you beyond words.
I love you beyond words. Except those, I guess.
Conspiracy theories were made up by the CIA to divert people's attention away from capitalism.
Jews had been in Algeria since the first century CE.
You can't trust the police.
You can't trust the police here.
Most shoe soles nowadays are made from foam.
You don't have to take your shoes off.
Please don't take off your socks.
Please don't take off your shoes.
You don't have to take your socks off.
I stole a car.
Why would you steal a car?
Did you learn your lesson?
Did you face any consequences?
Were there any repercussions?
Your cat is a thief.
Your dog is a thief.
"Your ferret is a thief." "That makes sense."
Donald Trump thinks that climate change is a hoax. I think that Donald Trump is a hoax.
How do I tell Tom about his smelly socks without making the situation too awkward?
Yesterday Tom had a very unpleasant encounter with some rando on the street.
All religions suck.
Alright, I'm going for a wee.
The pitcher will go to the well once too often.
Playing with fire leads to be burned.
If you keep playing with fire you must expect to get burnt.
Tom is always dressed in normcore basics like jeans and T-shirts.
Michael Bloomberg pays people to construct a reality where he is worshipped.
You claim to be an empiricist, and yet you believe in "natural rights." Curious.
Pretending to be surprised is his shtick.
Pretending to be surprised is her shtick.
Mixing the profane with the divine was Ginsberg's shtick.
I'm watching Sami and Tom jostle for recognition as King of Tatoeba.
If she's serious, why does she consort with fascists?
If she cares about social justice, why does she consort with the alt-right?
If Aviva hates fascism, why does she consort with Kahanists?
We just saw his pretenses of moderate politics fall to pieces.
Do you consort with Proud Boys regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Do you consort with neo-Nazis regularly, or did you just happen upon them?
Sponges are porous.
For all intents and purposes, he's a fascist.
For all intents and purposes, Donald Trump is a fascist.
Being guilt-ridden doesn't change anything.
In India, restaurants typically have veg and non-veg options.
During the day, they look at each other; at night, they hug. What could it be? These are the door panels.
All day long, they look at each other; at night, they hug. What could it be? These are the door panels.
Tom has just kicked the bucket.
George Orwell was a violent antifascist.
George Orwell was a supporter of what we now know as "political correctness," considering it to be "only the most ordinary politeness."
George Orwell believed there was a lot to be hopeful about in the Soviet Union, despite its problems.
Martin Luther King, Jr. believed that white moderates were a bigger stumbling block to racial justice than the Ku Klux Klan.
No one deserves his torments.
Nobody deserves his misfortunes.
Who wants to travel far has to move his tonsure by sparing his mount.
When she churns the milk, the Kabyle mother intones the lullaby which says: "Gouchla gechoula, my baby will go to the fountain, find an omelet there, and will not give it to anyone, other than his darling mother."
I'm learning Ladino.
There's a kitten on our porch.
Cats are baby-sized.
"That's stupid." "It's sad, more than anything."
Joe Biden stole my bike.
Joe Biden lives in the woods.
Go back to sleep. Joe Biden isn't real; he can't hurt you.
Joe Biden puts human eyeballs on his salad.
I haven't heard much about Tom's husband.
What's Tom's husband like?
Tom brought his husband to the family reunion.
Tom's husband is bisexual.
Tom's husband is bi.
Tom's husband is gay.
Esther is Mary's wife.
Mary's wife is bi.
Mary's wife is a doctor.
Mary's wife is a marine biologist.
Esther lives in New York with her wives.
Esther is Rachel's wife.
Borech is Yankev's husband.
Welcome, O life! I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated conscience of my race.
Everyone has to die eventually.
Mina refuses to compromise.
Mina has a twenty-hour flight.
Omri doesn't trust Wikipedia.
Omri doesn't use Facebook.
Mina is innocent.
Either everyone wins at Tatoeba, or no one does.
While we wun at supper, a mon cumm'd wi' a autar to fatch her away.
Corruption of politics has nothing to do with the morals, or the laxity of morals, of various political personalities. Its cause is altogether a material one.
Pettiness separates; breadth unites. Let us be broad and big. Let us not overlook vital things because of the bulk of trifles confronting us.
Conceit, arrogance and egotism are the essentials of patriotism.
Thinking men and women the world over are beginning to realize that patriotism is too narrow and limited a conception to meet the necessities of our time.
The Christian religion and morality extols the glory of the Hereafter, and therefore remains indifferent to the horrors of the earth.
In decrying the body as something evil, the flesh as the tempter to everything that is sinful, man has mutilated his being in the vain attempt to keep his soul pure, while his body rotted away from the injuries and tortures inflicted upon it.
With the conception that the Revolution was only a means of securing political power, it was inevitable that all revolutionary values should be subordinated to the needs of the Socialist State; indeed, exploited to further the security of the newly acquired governmental power.
Revolutionary methods must be in tune with revolutionary aims.
The paramount question of the day is not political, is not religious, but is economic.
That is the vilest of all tyranny where a man compels the woman he says he loves, to endure the agony of bearing children that she does not want, and for whom, as is the rule rather than the exception, they cannot properly provide.
I would rather, much rather, not know who my father was than know he had been a tyrant to my mother.
There is no refuge upon earth for the enslaved sex. Right where we are, there we must dig our trenches, and win or die.
In the name of Purity what lies are told! What queer morality it has engendered.
I saw him nodding out on the bus.
Abolish America.
The Jewish term for a convert is "ger," meaning "stranger" or "foreigner" in Hebrew.
The word "diaspora" was originally coined for the scattering of Jews from Eretz Yisrael.
You can address the very real, clear and present material evils of Zionist oppression without erasing Jewish history and culture.
Jewish prayer, religious texts, and commentary are rife with references to Jews as a nation.
The poet's work has stood the test of time.
Esther is gay.
I don't read the news.
I avoid reading the news.
I need to stop reading the news.
Stalin killed people like Bernie Sanders; equating the two is ignorant at best, cynical at worst.
You're creative; I'm not.
I'm reading a story in Yiddish.
I'm reading a story by I. J. Singer.
We're updating our Terms of Service.
We're updating our Privacy Policy.
We've updated our Privacy Policy; it no longer contains anything.
How did you end up in this God-forsaken place?
He lives out in the boondocks.
She had an excellent wife.
Tom is not Trump.
Gittel has never been to Budapest.
I'm most definitely not straight and I find the insinuation insulting.
I'm most definitely not straight.
Esther is a lesbian Jew.
Does Algeria offer descendants of Algerian Jews the right to return?
Tom is real to me.
Tom's real to me.
We have a platypus.
We got this.
Gittel is a leftist.
Yankev is a leftist.
Technology has not, as predicted, made it easier for leftists.
I'm considering becoming a leftist.
To keep their power structures intact, corrupt politicians often rail against leftists.
The Nazi Party burned the Reichstag building and blamed it on leftists.
Tova is a reactionary.
Gittel is a reactionary.
Tova is a leftist.
A gentile gave Esther's family a place to hide during the Nazi occupation of Budapest.
Employers don't create work; they exploit it.
Yiddish isn't just German with a funny accent.
I'm not a cat.
How far away is New York?
How far away is New York in miles?
How far away is New York in kilometers?
How do I get to New York?
How do I get to Los Angeles?
How far away is Los Angeles?
How far away is Los Angeles in miles?
How far away is Los Angeles in kilometers?
How far away is Mexico City?
How far away is Mexico City in miles?
How far away is Mexico City in kilometers?
How do I get to Mexico City?
How do I get to Los Angeles by bus?
How do I get to Los Angeles by car?
How do I get to Los Angeles by train?
How do I get to London?
How far away is London?
How far away is Istanbul?
How far away is Beijing?
How far away is Jerusalem?
How far away is Damascus?
How far away is Aleppo?
How far away is Baghdad?
What's the capital of Iraq?
What's the capital of Syria?
What's the capital of Egypt?
How far away is Cairo?
How far away is Alexandria?
What's the capital of China?
What's the capital of Japan?
How far away is Tokyo?
How far away is Kyoto?
What's the capital of Russia?
How far away is Moscow?
How far away is Sevastopol?
How far away is Kyiv?
How far away is Minsk?
What's the capital of Ukraine?
What's the capital of Belarus?
Where can I get pizza around here?
Where can I get Chinese around here?
Where can I get Thai food around here?
Are there any Thai restaurants around here?
Are there any Chinese restaurants near me?
Are there any Chinese restaurants around here?
What restaurants are nearby?
What pharmacies are nearby?
What grocery stores are nearby?
Are there any grocery stores near me?
Are there any grocery stores around here?
Where can I buy cigarettes around here?
Where can I buy alcohol around here?
Where can I buy toilet paper?
Where can I get toilet paper?
Where can I get cigarettes?
Where can I get alcohol?
What song is playing right now?
How far away is Jakarta?
How far away is Chongqing?
How far away is Manila?
How far away is Delhi?
How far away is Seoul?
How far away is Mumbai?
How far away is Shanghai?
How far away is São Paulo?
What's the distance between Mexico City and São Paulo?
What's the distance between Mumbai and Delhi?
What's the distance between New York and Mexico City?
What's the distance between Los Angeles and New York?
What's the distance between Tokyo and São Paulo?
How far away is Lagos?
What's the distance between Lagos and Cairo?
What's the distance between Lagos and Chongqing?
How do I get from Lagos to Chongqing?
How far away from here is Guangzhou?
How far away is Guangzhou?
What's the distance between Guangzhou and Beijing?
How do I get to Guangzhou from here?
How far away is Dhaka?
How do I get from Dhaka to here?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Kolkata?
What's the distance between Dhaka and Beijing?
How far away is Osaka?
How do I get to Osaka from Tokyo?
How do I get to Osaka from Los Angeles?
I'd like to book a flight from Osaka to Los Angeles.
Show me flights from Los Angeles to Osaka.
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Tokyo?
What's the cheapest flight from Los Angeles to Moscow?
I want a stegosaurus.
I saw Sami nodding out on the bus.
The people responsible for the opioid epidemic will never face any consequences.
Mary has posttraumatic stress disorder.
Esther has posttraumatic stress disorder.
Esther has PTSD.
Aliens have landed in Central Park.
My eel is full of hovercrafts.
I'm writing this from space.
I'm typing this from space.
I'm in orbit around Jupiter.
A fleet of alien communists has arrived looking for someone named Posadas.
An alien messenger gave Noah advance notice of the imminent destruction of his planet.
"You're alive!" she says. "Thank God."
I brought some puzzles.
I brought some puzzles. Would you like to do them together?
There's a new cat in the house, made of shadows.
Winter never left.
I live in space.
I don't remember you having seven arms.
What happened to your eighth arm?
I want some of whatever you're on.
What I hate most about fascists is their chauvinism, their brazen hatred of persecuted minority groups, and their sense of entitlement to rule over others.
Poor people are disproportionately affected by coronavirus.
People here are weird.
Despite rumors to the contrary, a tinfoil hat is not effective against coronavirus.
Poverty is a preventable cause of death.
Judaism is the traditional religion of the Jewish people.
Latin, Greek, Persian, and Sanskrit descended from a common ancestor.
English, Russian, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
English, Russian, Spanish, and Hindi descend from a common ancestor language.
Hebrew and Phoenician are Canaanite languages.
Yiddish, English, and German are West Germanic languages.
Juhuri, Persian, Kurdish, and Pashto are Iranian languages.
The only good thing about Trump is his incompetence.
Trump must face charges of crimes against humanity for his racially-motivated neglect of Puerto Rico.
Stay as far away as possible from anyone who admires Donald Trump.
I'm not gay, but my girlfriend is. I'm bisexual.
I'm not gay, but my boyfriend is. I'm bisexual.
I hate the Internet.
I hate and I love the Internet.
Mary is a single mum working two part-time jobs.
Stop doing it, you mindless muppets.
Sorry, we're out of toilet paper and I can't magic any for you now.
The Nazis didn't introduce antisemitism to the countries they briefly occupied.
The Nazi occupation of Poland lasted six years.
The Nazi occupation of Hungary lasted one year.
The Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia lasted seven years.
The Axis occupation of Greece lasted three years.
Tom is a clever little sausage, isn't he?
A number of daily online Talmud studies and minyonim are popping up during the crisis.
Esther is studying Pirkei Avot with her queer online chaburah.
Tom is an antisemite.
Joe Biden lives in a house made of mashed potatoes.
Joe Biden rides an aurochs to work every day.
Tom must be sick in the head.
No state has the right to exist.
The right of a state to exist is antithetical to the principle supposedly underlying liberal democracy, that people who are subject to a state's rule have the right to abolish it.
All functions considered in this chapter are real.
The United States has never been a democratic society.
From the very beginning of the United States, a large number of people were disenfranchised by design, and this remains true today.
People used to call me lazy, but now all of a sudden I'm a responsible citizen.
Oakland is a sanctuary city.
Seattle is a sanctuary city.
Boston is a sanctuary city.
Is Boston a sanctuary city?
Balthazar, at random!
It's at random, Balthazar!
Those who waste water are not those who bring it back.
It is not those who bring back the water who waste it.
The swallows are migratory birds which arrive in autumn.
Esther lived in a shtetl.
Blessed are those who come back.
When bee-eaters regroup and come and go before migrating, it is surely to make sure that they do not forget any of their own.
The Pharisees believed anyone could become learned in Torah, regardless of their station in life.
Jews see the Pharisees as a democratizing movement.
The correct answer isn't always in the middle.
The truth isn't always somewhere in the middle.
Both sides don't always make equally good points.
Both sides of an argument aren't always equally valid.
They do not tell us everything.
Stay where you are until the story is resolved.
This is about the hawk and other birds. Maybe he dances better than they do, especially when he flies on the starlings! As for the song, that of other birds is much better, despite that it boasts.
Coronavirus has demonstrated that the most essential jobs are the ones that are paid the least.
All those to whom I made a dedication of the novel-story that I finished writing in 2000 (which is therefore at least twenty years old) tell me: "Well my friend, if you were interested soon in writing, you could have been a good writer!" On the one hand, they remind me of my misfortune or they congratulate me, unless it is something else! sarcasm, maybe? Heck! Poor me!
On Israeli radio, the most bizarre myths concocted by the American and European far right are treated as though they go without saying and serve as a boogyman to scare anyone who might want to push for more moderate policies.
Turning the tide, you are on the incoming wave.
Take this before you go out.
Indigenous Americans discovered America more than 10,000 years ago.
"I envy you to always find what to say! Me, I'm uninspired! The lid of my brain has closed, for real!", said somebody. A second retorts: "You just have to write about the Coronavirus." The other told him: "I must first know what it is!"
How do you say he is an artist?
There doesn't need to be malice for it to be abuse.
Sami is a translator.
Layla is a translator.
Esther is a translator.
Esther is a Yiddish interpreter.
Layla is an Arabic interpreter.
Layla is an English interpreter.
Esther is an English interpreter.
We have a capybara.
Do capybaras get along with dogs?
Do capybaras get along with stegosauruses?
Tom rides a capybara to work.
My Yiddish really isn't that good.
My Greek really isn't that good.
My Shanghainese isn't very good at all.
My Telugu is really pretty terrible.
I don't speak much Telugu at all.
I know a handful of phrases in Telugu.
Tom's family is old money.
Prior to the 20th century, it was the most marginal of ideas to claim Jews were merely a religion and not a people.
Esther's family is Conservative Jewish.
Esther's family is Reform Jewish.
Esther's family is Orthodox Jewish.
Esther's family is Hassidic.
Esther's family are Sephardi Jews.
Esther's family are Yemenite Jews.
Esther's family are Romaniote Jews.
Esther's family is Neolog Jewish.
I really like summer. In fact, it's my favourite week of the year.
There is no baseless rumor.
Robert is old money.
How do I access the dark web?
That was my rug!
The artist Jean-Louis Aubert is apparently right to say: "If you have joy in yourself, you could more easily catch happiness." Thus, in all circumstances, the blessed will never be completely cut down; he will always keep some verve. This could be called resilience.
Wherever we are, it's a disaster! We will never forget this calamity! If we survive!
Fuck the state.
The first female rabbi was an Aramaic-speaking Kurdish Jew.
Do not chew on both sides of the jaws at the same time.
Do not run after two hares at the same time.
Don't try to be in two places at the same time.
The ramblings are incoherent words from someone who is sick or depressed, that he mumbles while awake.
Stella is a Hungarian Jew.
Stella volunteers at a Catholic hospital.
Stella is a widow.
Stella has five grandchildren.
Stella started working as an office clerk during World War II while her husband was overseas.
I thirst for your words.
I'm hungry for your words.
I hunger for your words.
Put on slippers while waiting for shoes.
Don't trust misogynists.
A chicken is not a bird, and a misogynist is not a person.
Misogynists hate feminism.
However, the company does not provide technical support for the application.
The team needs to define the scope of the project by Monday.
The implementation does not meet the specified requirements.
If you have to tolerate my queerness, you're missing the point entirely.
If you have to tolerate me, you're missing the point entirely.
The beard doesn't care about us. It abounds on purpose to remind us of our depression, when we have too much.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have stunned us, since no one expected it.
It is true that we have the art of missing opportunities.
I already wrote it in Kabyle on Tatoeba; it's even been a long time.
Regardless of the length of the night, the sun always rises.
"As long as the night is, the day will come to an end," says a Kabyle proverb.
Ari is agender.
We live in a cisnormative society.
I don't smoke pot anymore because it's bad for my mental health.
Cannabis does different things to different people.
Marijuana helps my partner's anxiety, but is the worst possible thing for mine.
Marijuana may help my partner's anxiety, but it is the worst possible thing for mine.
I'm not cisgender.
Sasha is gender-fluid.
Avani is gender-fluid.
The author let down a lot of her fans with her transphobia.
The author let down a lot of his fans with his transphobia.
Smoke weed every day.
Most psychiatric wards are still very abusive and traumatizing places.
Just because you have rights on paper doesn't mean they'll be respected.
Tom's favourite show is Gravity Falls.
Google Murray Bookchin.
Yiddish is Yiddish because Hebrew was important to its original speakers.
Have you ever eaten a bat?
I'm not that religious.
The cat wants to go out.
My car needs fixed.
The dishes need done.
If everyone likes you, you're fake.
"Cold cannot stop us, nor the heat of the sun discourage us," said one of our poets.
This one is a real simpleton, for sure. And he's a president.
This one is a real boob, for sure. And he's a president.
This one is a real boob. And he's a leader.
A sign is enough for a scholar to understand us.
A sign is enough to be understood by a scholar.
A gesture is enough for a scholar to understand us.
A gesture is enough to be understood by a scholar.
There is no need to explain to a sage what is expected of him.
There is no need to explain to a sage what we expect from him.
There is no need to explain to a scholar what we expect from him.
I live in the French village of Scheibenhard; I would like to buy bread in Scheibenhardt on the German side, but Covid prevents me from doing so: then I'm sad.
Here is the mountain dweller, who will never govern, even though he is educated and competent.
All Jews were expelled from Buda after its recapture by Hungary.
Hungarian and Turkish are very similar in terms of grammar.
People are silly.
Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have flabbergasted us, since no one expected it.
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch you!"
This is the fable of the goat saying to the jackal: "Even when I graze, I watch!"
Watch while grazing!
Don't worry but question the gourd!
Don't worry but think about it!
Forget about anxiety, think about worries!
Don't worry, just be concerned!
Fortunately, I did not go out: there is one of these rain showers!
The monkey loves the one who strangles him. He will be in a lot of trouble later! His day will come!
The monkey loves the one who strangles him.
He will be in a lot of trouble later! His day will come!
The cow mooed.
Alice is a member of The Satanic Temple.
We're an interfaith couple; I'm Jewish and my partner is a member of the Satanic Temple.
It's totally right to say that Erdogan brings disease.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan brings disease and decay.
I'd have another cup of coffee if I were you.
Is anyone here a cohen?
A poor rifle, here it is: short barrel, huge trigger.
When I come back to the country [who knows if this virus will leave us a respite or attack us again], ask me again to continue my translation into Kabyle of the French text that I already wrote on couscous; and that I titled "Awer ifuṛ, awer yeṛdem". No doubt I will use your lexical text wisely so that every Kabyle, woman and man, is proud of it. So, please don't forget!
Let the chips fall where they may!
What will be will be!
Whatever happens!
Lentils are a good substitute for ground beef.
Lentils are a good ground beef substitute.
It's very cheap to live off of rice and legumes.
Rochel lives off of rice and legumes.
Which witch is which?
When a cat blinks slowly, it means they trust you.
I'm almost up.
I'm quite up.
You, I would say that you just want to blow me up.
You, I think you just want to screw me up.
You, I think you just want to klash me a cable.
I went without him.
I went without her.
Let it flow.
Let it slide.
Just lay back and watch it like a play.
He moved astonishingly fast.
He moved with astonishing rapidity.
His movements were astonishingly rapid.
His rapid movements astonished us.
His movements astonished us by their rapidity.
The rapidity of his movements was astonishing.
The rapidity with which he moved astonished us.
He pressed too hard on it, so it broke.
He astonished us by moving rapidly.
He astonished us by his rapid movements.
He leaned on it so much that it broke.
He astonished us by the rapidity of his movements.
John gave Mary the apple.
My uncle lent the joiner five shillings.
It cannot be denied that Newton was a great genius.
That Newton was a great genius cannot be denied.
Can he write?
Will he write?
Has he written?
Does he write?
I gave a shilling to the boy.
I gave the boy a shilling.
It's time to talk about the birds and the bees.
I start tomorrow at six.
I shall write to him tomorrow.
He will start at six.
The congress is to be held next year.
The conference is to be held next year.
He may yet come.
He may come yet.
You mustn't walk there.
He is coming.
He is going to come.
I cut my finger every day.
I cut my finger yesterday.
Our kings love their subjects.
He cuts his finger every day.
He cut his finger yesterday.
Our kings admire their subjects.
Adjectives in English are often used as adverbs with no change in form.
I wish I had no children.
I wish I had no kids.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's great-uncle.
Stan is Dipper and Mabel's gruncle.
One good thing about social distancing is that the eternal problem of holding the door open for people behind you has gone away.
Communism will prevail.
Communism will win.
Fuck Christmas!
Fuck America!
Burn the flag!
Fuck your guns!
Fuck the troops!
Communism will win!
Communism will prevail!
God is gay.
Homophobes shouldn't be allowed to raise children.
Why would anyone respond to your text?
God is canonically gender-fluid.
Tom wiped his butt with the American flag.
Tom punched Richard Spencer in the face.
Mary punched Richard Spencer in the face.
Borech punched Gavin McInnes in the face.
Rochel punched Boris Johnson in the face.
Rochel punched Nigel Farage in the face.
Cuddling with her cat, Esther plotted the revolution.
Will he stay long?
Men were deceivers ever.
All human beings have been, are, and always will be mortal.
I wish we knew.
It is time you went to bed.
How did you know I was a Dane?
How'd you know I was Danish?
All male human beings have been, are, and always will be deceitful.
It is customary to begin the teaching of grammar by dividing words into certain classes, generally called "parts of speech" — substantives, adjectives, verbs, etc. — and by giving definitions of these classes.
Both are equally arbitrary.
Nouns name. Pronouns identify without naming.
The absent are always at fault.
On the other hand, is "poet" in "Browning the poet" an adjective?
You are a scoundrel.
A pronoun is a word used in place of a noun, to indicate or enumerate persons or things without naming them.
We teaed at the vicarage.
Show me the context, and I will tell you the meaning.
A dog is that animal which another dog will instinctively recognize as such.
Phoenician is very similar to Hebrew.
Punic is very similar to Hebrew.
If I go back to eat their indigestible stuff, let the poison take me away.
If I go back to their disastrous recipes, may the devil take me.
If I eat their food again, may the devil take me.
American teachers are sworn to fight against the truth of Time Cube.
Capitalism is destroying the world.
Marriage should be abolished.
Marriage is a patriarchal institution.
The world is on the brink of destruction due to the greed of the people who own the means of production.
White Americans are so afraid of a more equitable society that they actually elected Donald Trump.
Nazis marched in Chicago with signs saying "Arbeit macht frei."
Privileged people prefer Nazism to communism because Nazism goes after those who are already powerless.
The rich and powerful love it when the powerless are blamed for society's problems.
Whenever someone blames immigrants for their problems, a millionaire opens a bottle of champagne.
Whenever someone blames George Soros for their problems, every other billionaire breathes a sigh of relief.
Right-wing politics is largely concerned with making the poor believe they have more in common with the rich than with other poor people.
Michelangelo was gay.
My girlfriend is packing the vaporizer.
What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?
My girlfriend's boyfriend started a new game of Diablo.
My girlfriend is a Satanist.
I don't believe in the supernatural, but I am fascinated by the literary God.
She doesn't believe in anything supernatural, but she is fascinated by the literary Satan.
My familiar is a unicorn.
We're almost out of pop.
The cat's lying next to me.
It's too bad the cult of Astarte died out.
I went to pet the cat and she sneezed on me.
Have you had your tea yet?
Humans cannot live without oxygen.
He felt convinced that Jonas was again the Jonas he had known a week ago, and not the Jonas of the intervening time.
Anna was astounded by the contrast between the Titus of Sunday and the Titus of Monday.
Darius had known England before and after the repeal of the Corn Laws, and the difference between the two Englands was so strikingly dramatic to him that he desired no further change.
He is a bore.
He is tedious.
You are a dear.
You are dear to me.
On the contrary.
His cap was new.
His was a new cap.
The poor people loved her.
The poor loved her.
There were only two men.
There were only two.
One never knows.
He speaks.
He is eating the apple.
He will eat the apple.
He has eaten the apple.
He plays.
He sings.
He sings a song.
He is singing a song.
Troy was a town.
Troy was a city.
Troy was a city in present-day Turkey.
He is able to sing.
He wants to sing.
Put your cap on.
Put your cap on your head.
He was in.
He was in the house.
Is the doctor in?
He fell down the steps.
He climbed up.
He ascended.
He descended.
He had been there before breakfast.
It was near one o'clock.
It was nearly one o'clock.
It was damn near one in the morning.
He walked past the door at half-past one.
He walked past.
He laughed for joy.
I believe your words.
I believe your word.
They have lived happily ever since.
They have lived happily since their marriage.
They have lived happily since they were married.
He and I are great friends.
She sang and danced.
Was it blue or green?
She sang and he danced.
He is mad, or I am much mistaken.
He and his wife are coming.
He is coming with his wife.
Why!
Fiddlesticks!
I like you nearly as well as her.
I like you nearly as well as she.
I like you better than her.
I like you better than she.
He happened to fall.
He fell accidentally.
You're very dear to me.
He speaks Hungarian and she speaks German.
What is a word?
When did she arrive?
She arrived yesterday.
I can see the dog.
He's running after the dog.
The dog is barking furiously.
The dog and the cat ran away.
I saw him run after the dog.
I prefer Keats's poems to Shelley's.
I bought it at the butcher's.
I bought it cheap.
I wish you lots of bright stars and all the flowers you desire.
The words "qeṛṛeṭ" and "qeṛṛeḍ" have the same root as "qeṛṛiḍ": they refer to the frostbite of the fingers which could cause until their amputation.
We wish long life to those who bring the Kabyle language to life.
"I thought you were from Slovakia." "I'm from Slovenia."
"I thought you were gluten-free, Esther." "No, I'm vegan."
What are birds?
I don't take any responsibility at all.
Gee! "Yours", then! So much the better for those who have eaten, the others just have to wait for a possible next service!
It's up to me to thank you.
"Shouldn't you be working?" "Actually, I am working."
Is that a stegosaurus?
Is that a dragon?
One of them is an old man; he is now bedridden.
Here's how Bernie can still win.
The path that will save us the journey is the one that we take directly.
He speaks Hungarian with a German accent.
He speaks Yiddish with a German accent.
He speaks Esperanto with a German accent.
"Someone can yell at you, maybe he's not your enemy; someone else can help you, without being a friend; when it's cow dung that covers you, you could at least be more discreet." This is what Muḥend-U-Yeḥya (MoḥYa) said, may he rest in peace, in the story he titled "The Bird".
We might have wished all people to take care of their onions, their religion, their intimate convictions, without bothering their neighbor, who may not want it. Let those who want to practice do so soberly. But if someone prevents you from chewing your own gum, then let him steam his couscous alone.
Donald Trump is a compulsive liar.
Wake up, sheeple!
A sticky bird cannot fly.
I saw him steal, but I believed him when he swore by all his gods that he was innocent.
Tom is a manchild.
Not every language uses the same punctuation mark to mean the same thing.
This is a consular mission.
The concept of hypertext predates the World Wide Web.
HyperCard was an early implementation of hypertext.
We'll have to compare notes and see what each of us has learned.
The dative case marks an indirect object.
Because of my post-traumatic stress disorder, I tend to dissociate when faced with a stressful situation.
In Arcaicam Esperantom, the ending -d marks an indirect object.
I'm a member of the Tribe of Levi.
Cisgender women often find themselves harassed by transphobic men who mistake them for trans women.
Panic over transgender bathroom use leads to cisgender women being harassed in public.
Twelve percent of American transgender people have been harassed in public restrooms.
One percent of American transgender people have been sexually assaulted in public restrooms.
One percent of American transgender people have been physically assaulted in public restrooms.
There is no serious threat to cisgender people from transgender bathroom access, only to transgender people from transphobic panic.
In the year 2015 alone, 10 percent of American transgender people were sexually assaulted for being transgender.
In the year 2015 alone, 9 percent of American transgender people were physically attacked for being transgender.
Donald Trump is the most unpopular president in the history of presidential polling.
Donald Trump's presidency has been a colossal failure and the survival of America is not guaranteed.
The damage done by Donald Trump to the American people and to the world will last for generations.
Donald Trump is a cancer on humanity.
Donald Trump is a plague upon humanity.
What in tarnation?
Are you just going to stand there and masticate in front of everyone?
The classroom erupted in laughter when the teacher told Tom to stop masticating in class.
Are the shadow people afraid of us, too?
I saw the elves again.
The shadow people are spies from another dimension.
Donald Trump is suffering from dementia.
Trump has ruined everything he has touched.
The world would be a better place if Donald Trump had been aborted.
Donald Trump inherited at least 413 million dollars from his father. His businesses have all been enormous failures. It's unknown how much of daddy's money, if any, he has left.
Donald Trump couldn't even manage to make money off of a casino.
Can you take care of the stegosaurus while I'm on vacation?
I've never even been to England.
One day — it's like a miracle — it will disappear.
The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA.
There's a theory that, in April, when it gets warm — historically, that has been able to kill the virus.
And again, when you have 15 people, and the 15 within a couple of days is going to be down to close to zero, that's a pretty good job we've done.
No, I'm not concerned at all. No, we've done a great job with it.
Just stay calm. It will go away.
We have a Flemish Giant.
Karen asked to speak to the manager.
"No pain, no gain," as they say.
Pi is a transcendental number.
She's proud of her wife.
Mary's proud of her wife.
Mary loves her wife.
Tom loves his husband.
Tingling numb the leg when you stay too long without moving.
Free Bolivia!
Jeanine Áñez is a racist, fascist dictator installed by a military coup.
Tom is an edgelord.
Shloyme wants to be a writer.
Omid is Bahá'í.
Aren't you a wizard?
Hello, my little kitty friend!
Dario is a communist.
Dario is a socialist.
Shloyme is an anarcho-syndicalist.
Dario is an anarcho-syndicalist.
I'm going to get drunk tonight.
Free Israel!
I'm going to eat my tea now.
In my heart of hearts I know it's true.
Tom pooped his pants.
I think you're angry!
I think you're fuming!
"I remember, as if it was yesterday, the locusts that ravaged our vines; from east to west, they were rushing; our community couldn't take it anymore ...", sang Idir in his song "Cfiɣ".
He lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!
I call it the super duper missile.
Replacing the word "Jewish" with "Zionist" doesn't make theories of Jewish world domination less antisemitic.
This is what fascists actually believe.
This is what antisemites actually believe.
Maybe you should take off the tinfoil hat.
Maybe you should take off the tinfoil hat. They might notice it and come after us.
Tinfoil hats were invented by the CIA to discredit conspiracy theorists.
Conspiracy theories are a CIA conspiracy to keep the world proletariat from rising up against capitalism.
I'm not fluent in Nazi.
Across the world, neo-fascists attempt to use the legitimate cause of anti-Zionism as a shield for their antisemitism.
My family passed through Hungary during our endless wandering.
Tom is on national TV complaining about being silenced.
Tom is on the radio complaining about being silenced.
Tom is on YouTube complaining about being silenced.
The media is openly controlled by an Australian-American Christian.
The world's most powerful media empire is fiercely supportive of politicians who claim to be persecuted by "the media."
Fuck both of you.
Fuck both of you!
Tom wore a brightly colored dress.
Tom dressed up as a witch.
Mary doesn't care how Tom dresses.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian priestess.
Tom dressed as an ancient Egyptian princess.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom dresses.
Mary didn't approve of the way Tom dressed.
Tom designs dresses.
Tom rarely wears dresses.
Tom bought several dresses.
These magic wands are edible.
Does your husband like to wear make-up?
Tom thinks he's socially awesome.
He's not a war hero. He's a war hero 'cause he was captured. I like people that weren't captured, OK? I hate to tell you.
I think the world would unite if I were the leader of the United States.
If you're in the White House, who wants to take a vacation? You're in the White House! What's better than the White House? Why these vacations?
I will be phenomenal to the women. I mean, I want to help women.
I'm a very stable genius.
When we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
See, in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in, to kind of catapult the propaganda.
I've heard the call. I believe God wants me to run for President.
What we Republicans should stand for is growth in the economy. We ought to make the pie higher.
Tom is a WASP.
My grandmother's family came from Újpest.
I promise you, I will not be taking very long vacations, if I take them at all. There's no time for vacations. We're not going to be big on vacations.
You've been hearing me say it's a rigged system, but now I don't say it anymore because I won. It's true. Now I don't care.
Saddam Hussein was a bad guy. Right? He was a bad guy, really bad guy. But you know what he did well? He killed terrorists. He did that so good. They didn't read them the rights — they didn't talk, they were a terrorist, it was over.
Xi is a great gentleman. He's now president for life. President for life. And he's great. And look, he was able to do that. I think it's great. Maybe we'll have to give that a shot someday.
I think there's blame on both sides, you look at, you look at both sides, I think there's blame on both sides, and I have no doubt about it, and you don't have any doubt about it either.
What a cute doggo!
As a final touch, sprinkle some chocolate chips on top of the cookies.
If push comes to shove, I can move in with my parents.
There is no Jewish religion separate from the notion of a nation bound to it by covenant.
Donald Trump gives pieces of shit a bad name.
I hear there's rumors on the, uh, Internets, that we're going to have a draft.
Donald Trump gives cowards a bad name.
Tom is just a washed-up football player.
Tom's sentences are often biased and ideologically charged.
Karl Marx was an atheist who was baptised and raised a Christian, but because of the racial aspect of antisemitism, he continues to be central to many antisemitic conspiracy theories.
Snails are hermaphrodites.
"You know how I was telling you about the language lover and the computer scientist who were working on a project?" "Yeah." "I'm the language lover."
Reality is beautiful.
Once they started to believe they might lose the war, the Nazis diverted critical resources away from the war effort to ensure that they could kill as many Jews as possible.
The Nazis cared more about exterminating the Jews than winning World War II.
Poets don't make very good proofreaders.
Why don't incels go fuck themselves?
We found two tiny kittens in our backyard.
One of the kittens has an eye infection, and both have the sniffles.
We're not sure where the mother is.
We're taking the kittens to the humane society tomorrow afternoon.
The humane society will be able to treat the kittens and find them homes.
Small kittens don't usually have trouble finding homes at animal shelters, but older cats usually have a much harder time.
The Jewish commandment of Tza'ar Ba'alei Chayim demands that we prevent harm to animals and show them love and compassion.
The grazing lamb is one that begins to graze well just after weaning. In Kabylia, it is generally called the lamb of the old shepherdess, since it is docile and does not frolic. The Kabyle adjective "aksas" also means beautiful and white.
This about the lexicon, stubbornness, the broad beans, the raven and the goat. Everyone thinks that only their beans cook well. The crow, for some people, is a goat, even if they see it fly away. It's like you said.
Do you think he's cute?
Do you find him cute?
Do you find him pretty?
What's Libya like?
What's Morocco like?
What's Tunisia like?
What's Egypt like?
What's Worcester like?
Do you mean the city in Massachusetts or the one in England?
What's a cathedral city?
I was born in Atlantis.
I went to school in Agartha.
I owe Tom a fiver.
I owe Tom a tenner.
No exit is possible, since the problem remains!
I am ankylosed by inactivity. No exit, no solution is possible, since the problem remains!
You are like someone who builds a house from scrap lumber.
You are like the one who builds a house with scrap wood.
Every week I tell myself I won't use Tatoeba on Shabbos.
I have an impulse control problem.
Compromise only makes sense when all parties are acting in good faith.
Ladino has been spoken in Jerusalem for over 500 years.
Chauvinism is toxic.
Chauvinism kills.
Chauvinism is oppressive.
Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
On Tisha B'Av, Jews mourn the losses of the First and Second Temples.
Murine cells are no smaller than human cells.
Dinosaurs went extinct about 65 million years ago.
Dinosaurs died out about 65 million years ago.
Their position is nakedly hypocritical.
They have no moral authority.
Kittens are too adorable.
I am not cute!
Hannah is a Reform Jew.
Tom is always up for a chinwag.
Free Catalonia!
You cannot shackle the BDSM community and beat it into submission.
Free Occitania!
Free Scotland!
Free Wales!
Free Kurdistan!
"I love stale bread." "That's weird."
We're fostering two kittens.
Could you help me beat this boss?
Free Cornwall!
Free Brittany!
I'm spent.
"He lost two kilograms." "That's not very much." "Are you kidding? The mafia wants his head."
I'm religious, but not spiritual.
We're hunting ghosts.
Cats sleep a lot.
The emperor swore to crush the separatists once and for all.
The emperor cackled maniacally.
Donald Trump was not elected democratically.
Donald Trump has spent his entire illegitimate term without majority approval.
I've never seen a baby stegosaurus.
Tom declared himself President of Venezuela.
Tom declared himself President of Bolivia.
Those trainers are ugly.
Those trainers are gorgeous.
Those trainers are lush.
Come on guys, chop-chop! We're already late.
Unless you're me, I'm not going to judge you too harshly.
If you're not me, then I probably won't judge you too harshly.
I didn't remember hearing he was Israeli.
I remember you saying something about this.
I haven't picked that research up in a while.
Similar things happened in other countries.
I know German was widely spoken in Hungary up until the late 19th century.
I think that'd be a good direction to look in.
I'm not sure about that one.
There were a lot of Western Yiddish dialects.
German Jews pronounced holam like in German Frau.
I think that can be the case with a lot of things.
It depends on how well you know someone.
Yeah, you got us.
I'll try and find a specific example.
I'll type more about it later.
They definitely have infuriated me before.
I'm online acquaintances with one of their writers.
I didn't learn much I didn't already have experience with.
It was both demoralizing and revealing.
On all counts, this is probably a good thing.
They got rid of their comments section.
I'm glad we're doing this.
They could go to someone else.
They're about four weeks old.
They're about 4 weeks old.
We've got eyedrops and an oral antibiotic to give them.
They'll get their vaccines.
At any rate, they're sick.
But we have three cats.
We're going to need to find a new place soon.
I'm trying to figure out what's open and what isn't.
I'm trying to figure out whether I can leave the state.
I know some beaches have opened in some parts of the state.
I know some beaches have opened.
Just sweep it under the rug.
It doesn't seem to ever really get to a point.
Also, I just started mirroring that on a non-Google service.
He's the nicest guy, or can be.
I hope he's done.
They've known each other for years.
He got out last time, relapsed, and went back in.
I haven't known him that long.
It's not a total surprise.
He's been quarantined for seven days.
Hopefully it's for good this time.
I think you sent that message to the wrong person.
The price blows my mind.
I haven't yet installed it.
It just came.
It's going OK.
She's been quarantined for seven days.
He and Mitch McConnell are doing this on purpose; they want to kill people.
When the last drop overflows the vase, the fault does not lie with the drop but with the water that was there before.
It's mostly in Arabic with a little bit of Hebrew dialog.
It's mostly in Arabic with some Hebrew dialog.
I imagine not.
Maybe see if you can do it in a little bit.
Hopefully things won't get bad again.
Maybe it'd be good for her.
Maybe it would be good for her.
Maybe the price will go down in the future.
No one is perfect, and certainly not me.
That would make me feel better about where things are now.
That's not the way it is at the moment.
Because of COVID, it won't be happening too soon.
It's worth continuing to read.
It was at the front door.
We're trying to figure it out.
That's probably mostly my anxiety.
I've not been doing much.
It's just still bizarre.
I'm still not quite sure.
That sounds great!
I'm auditing the course.
I watched the first lecture and read the syllabus.
So far he hasn't charged me anything.
I just had another lesson last night.
I see it as being like a book club.
I'm doing a daily 30-minute online Mishnah study.
Did you get the readings I sent you?
I just sent you another.
I can send it to you when I get back to my computer.
Wait and see; this child is about to get dirty.
The Latin name "terfezia" of certain mushrooms could come from "tirfas", plural of "tarfist". In the Algerian dialect, it is also called "terfas".
Tom's going on the lash tonight.
Tom's an entitled asshole.
At some point in the future, we're going to look back and say, "How did we do it without space?"
This is infinity here. It could be infinity. We really don't know. But it could be. It has to be something — but it could be infinity, right?
The Jews of Baghdad spoke an Arabic dialect more closely related to that of Northern Iraq.
Tom is Elon Musk.
I'm not very emotionally stable.
"Seriously?" "I shit you not."
At the time when the rest of the world first learned about the Jewish story of Moses, there was already a Jewish group claiming descent from his brother, and that group is still around today.
Pathological demand avoidance is not an official diagnosis, but a profile used by educators to describe those whose main characteristic is to avoid everyday demands and expectations to an extreme extent.
Esther disappointed her fans.
Stan is obsessed with Esther.
One of the kittens fell asleep in my lap.
"Tom is only interested in one thing." "I know, right? All he ever talks about is speaking French in Boston."
If it isn't her, it's him who wakes you up!
It's as long as we wake up.
Adolf Eichmann hated rules and was contemptuous of bureaucracy.
"Bleach it or bleach us," said the almond tree to the snow.
Rabbi Akiva recited the Shema as he was flayed by the Romans.
Why do you hate America?
It is the light of darkness that will dazzle us, we who look at blindness as white as a black lamb.
Wherever you go, I will go, and wherever you stay, I will stay. Your people will be my people, and your God my God. Wherever you die, I will die, and there I will be buried.
Donald Trump is a vicious dog.
Tom thinks everything is about him.
Tom makes everything about him.
Mary thinks everything is about her.
Mary makes everything about her.
A lot of things really are about Tom, I guess.
Why does Tom have to make everything about him?
Tom won't let anyone get a word in edgewise.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom.
I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom, and all he talked about was himself.
Ruth always says that.
Why would Ruth, of all people, think that?
I think the picture is gorgeous.
I think the picture of them is gorgeous.
You've talked about this quite a few times.
I totally get it, too.
I totally get it.
Ruth loves it, too.
This is some of your best work.
What's the second one?
I don't get it often.
Also, it's probably true.
I love them and I love you.
I woke up at midnight after sleeping for four hours.
I've seen that one around.
Paul Wexler has a junk theory about the origin of Yiddish.
Someone cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
I would feel weird about using those, too.
It's a two-way street.
That's not good or healthy.
Maybe I'm speaking in truisms.
I traced it from a photograph.
That doesn't mean I wanted it.
I love that band, too.
They can think what they want about that.
What changes about my life if these labels don't apply to me, though?
It's never worthwhile.
It's always toxic.
I only know the song because it was a meme.
I know that's a bad idea.
Abusive people will wear you down.
Fucking pig.
I've never felt that.
I missed the opportunity to get to know her better.
I've been told I'm kind and compassionate.
I don't feel I put those skills to use with her.
I'd rather be crying than not crying.
I wonder if they say the same thing.
It's a difficult topic.
It's a bit of a sore point.
I need to follow up.
What changes about your life if these labels don't apply to you, though?
Ruth was a Moabite.
The Moabite language was very closely related to Hebrew.
In Moabite, the masculine plural ending was -in instead of -im.
Fascists must present their enemies as simultaneously weak and powerful, ridiculous and menacing, insignificant and an existential threat to the security and stability of the nation.
Not to worry though, right?
Cats are so sweet.
Tom is the leader of Antifa.
Esther taught me to crochet.
Esther taught me to weave.
Ruth taught me to knit.
Black lives matter.
Antifa helped rebuild Germany after World War II.
Jews owe our lives to the violent antifascist resistance of our grandparents.
Antifa is necessary as long as there is fascism.
It's no surprise that fascists hate antifascists.
Antifa helped rebuild Europe after World War II.
They took advantage against us.
Are you as queer as I am?
Happy Pride!
No justice, no peace.
I can't stop drumming on my chest.
Hatsune Miku created Minecraft.
Minecraft is a sandbox video game created by Hatsune Miku.
You'll understand when you're older, Tom.
Tom created Minecraft.
Layla is the author of Harry Potter.
Fascism is in full swing.
What's-his-face is boring.
Eat, eat!
Put a sweater on! You want to catch a cold?
Don't swim right after you eat.
Tom has a weekly radio show.
They wouldn't let Tom in because he was wearing a hoodie.
They should make a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
They're making a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
Conformity is boring.
Did you choreograph that yourself?
Heath can be so condescending.
Could Mars be habitable some day?
Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.
Isn't that unconstitutional?
He's a staunch conservative.
He's zealous but very flaky.
What was that stuff you just snorted, anyway?
It makes me queasy just thinking about it.
You're an obligate carnivore! You don't want my salad, cat!
War is peace. Surveillance is liberty. Ignorance is strength.
The Simon Wiesenthal Center bravely came out against Simon Wiesenthal.
Scratch your kitties for me.
All good?
Trump is transparent in the sense that he is a shameless hypocrite.
Do I pull the red wire or the blue one?
Mary is my wife, and I am her wife.
Tom is my husband, and I am his wife.
Tom is my husband, and I am his husband.
Mary is my wife, and I am her spouse.
Tom is my husband, and I am his spouse.
Mary is my spouse, and I am their spouse.
Mary is my spouse, and I am their husband.
Mary is my spouse, and I am their wife.
Tom is my spouse, and I am their spouse.
Tom is my spouse, and I am their wife.
Tom is my spouse, and I am their husband.
Tom is a pseudo-intellectual.
Tom exoticizes foreign cultures.
Tom fetishizes Judaism.
Tom exoticizes Judaism.
Tom isn't a real doctor.
Tom falsified his resume.
Tom falsified his CV.
Tom isn't punk.
Tom lives in a bathtub on the streets of Athens.
You're thinking of Tom's sister.
Are you sure it was Tom and not Yanni?
A specter is haunting Tatoeba— the specter of Tom.
I'll have what Mary's having.
I'll have what Tom's having.
Andy Ngo is a threat to our community and provides kill lists to the violent Neo-Nazi terrorist group Atomwaffen.
Don't watch that propaganda.
Punctuation is important.
Don't read that propaganda.
Trump's attorney general ordered the tear-gassing of peaceful protesters so Trump could cross the street and do a photo-op holding a Bible.
Using tear gas against foreign combatants is a war crime.
Mary always complains about Tom's cooking.
Yanni always complains about Tom's cooking.
Skura always complains about Mary's cooking.
The child is a dear.
I am that sleepy.
The living are more valuable than the dead.
She wants some rest.
He came here to see you.
He did not stay here for long.
He's only just back from abroad.
He left there at two o'clock.
Motion requires a here and a there.
The government of the Tudors was the direct opposite to the government of Augustus.
I look forward to tomorrow.
Sunday afternoon was fine.
I spent Sunday afternoon at home.
We met the kind old Archbishop of York.
From infancy to manhood is rather a tedious period.
He slept all Sunday afternoon.
He went to all the principal cities of Europe.
He lives next door to Captain Strong.
The canal ran north and south.
He used to laugh a good deal.
He wants things his own way.
What are you on?
Steve Irwin was a famous Austrian TV personality.
In the United States, it requires more training to become a barber than it does to become a police officer.
Self-flagellation is pointless.
Most Jews find the Antideutsch movement creepy.
Listen really closely.
What a load of absolute codswallop.
Tom lives in a glass house.
France is home to the world's third largest Jewish population, composed primarily of those ethnically cleansed from North Africa.
Nothing happens in a vacuum.
Hitler dreamt of an alliance with the British Empire.
Bagsy the front seat!
Don't over-egg the pudding, Tom.
You're a good man, Tom.
When we can finally sleep, we will rest.
I love engineered languages.
I love philosophical languages.
I love experimental languages.
I love international auxiliary languages.
I love fictional languages.
I love Berber languages.
I love Chadic languages.
I love Cushitic languages.
I love Omotic languages.
I love Afroasiatic languages.
I love the Egyptian language.
I love Canaanite languages.
I love Old South Arabian languages.
I love Modern South Arabian languages.
I love East Semitic languages.
I love Ethiopian Semitic languages.
The mouse dreams of catching the cat.
The mouse wants to catch the cat.
Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.
I'm not observant, but Judaism is important to me.
I'm not shomer shabbos, but Judaism is important to me.
Akkadian is interesting.
Sumerian is interesting.
Ugaritic is interesting.
Don't let your judgment cloud your emotions.
I'm more exhausted than you could possibly understand.
I actually do hate America.
I have many reasons.
Skin color does not indicate ancestry or origin.
I'm trying to get pregnant.
"I'm trying to get pregnant." "Good luck!"
We're trying to get pregnant.
The world took everything from the Jews, and it has never forgiven us for this.
My pants are pants.
According to Judaism, Elijah will return to herald the coming of the Messiah.
We gave him the apple.
Tom thinks Canberra is the capital of Austria.
Tom thinks Vienna is the capital of Australia.
I thought Tom was straight.
Was Christianity invented by the Flavian imperial family to pacify Judean rebels?
This suit isn't black.
I have a monopoly on the truth.
Australia is a landlocked country.
Austria is both a country and a continent.
I like Tom's no-nonsense style.
I like Tom's no-nonsense attitude.
Mary has this no-nonsense manner about her.
The demagogue liked to whip up the masses.
Passages from the Gospels were frequently used to whip up the villagers into an antisemitic frenzy, thus keeping them from ever rising up against the nobility.
The Gospels articulated a calumny that would be used for millennia to justify the slaughter of Jews.
I'm starting a fan club for Tom if you'd like to join.
Welcome to Tatoeba, also known as Tom's fan club.
This widely-held belief is archeologically inaccurate.
The notion of a Hebrew conquest of Canaan from Egypt is archeologically inaccurate.
Archeologically speaking, there was never any Hebrew conquest of Canaan.
The philosopher is known for his gnomic diction.
Old English literature was gnomic and alliterative.
The philosopher is known for her gnomic diction.
In preparation for his trip to Vienna, Tom decided to learn some Australian German.
This country is a disaster.
Tom is a bit miffed that we didn't tell him the truth.
Tom's just a story parents tell their kids.
Kabyle is a Berber language.
I love Niger-Congo languages.
Shawiya is a Berber language.
Tawellemmet is a Berber language.
Tamahaq is a Berber language.
I love Indo-Iranian languages.
I love Iranian languages.
I love Indo-Aryan languages.
I love the Tocharian languages.
I love Anatolian languages.
I love language isolates.
Hindustani is an Indo-Aryan language.
Hindi and Urdu are standardized varieties of the Hindustani language.
I love Western Iranian languages.
I love Eastern Iranian languages.
Avestan and Old Persian were Old Iranian languages.
That is obviously sugar. How much did you pay for that?
Tom is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Recent events have led me to question whether supervillains are really so unrealistic.
I love Baltic languages.
I love Austroasiatic languages.
I love Kra-Dai languages.
I love Dravidian languages.
Am I a demon?
I think I'm getting arthritis.
Words express what cannot be said in music.
"This one is yours, this one is mine and the other, we share it." This is what we would have said if we want to make lie the Kabyle fable of the couple of frogs when the male said: "This one is mine, this one is mine and the other, we share it", the day they decided to separate.
Nobody has innate knowledge.
Mary is Boston Brahmin.
She came unannounced.
She's used to getting whatever she wants.
There is a lot that is happening right now.
Oh, gosh!
I'm completely useless.
Tom is French-Canadian.
Thomas is French-Canadian.
Esther is a Persian Jew.
Esther was a Persian Jew.
Omid is Persian.
Are they all gay?
American democracy is a kakistocratic institution.
We live in a kakistocratic society.
Capitalism is kakistocratic.
Press the right arrow key to continue.
Press the right arrow key to shoot.
My keyboard is missing a left arrow key.
He's a member of the ancient priestly caste.
Teach me to panhandle.
I'm trying to panhandle enough money to get a sandwich.
The brutal military junta was installed by the CIA to protect American business interests.
We used to have all-night LAN parties.
Translation is as much artistry as it is comprehension.
Tom's kind of hot.
I've got a crush on Tom.
I didn't know Tom was trans.
Just enter your password here, and Bob's your uncle - you're in.
The cat wants the window opened.
The "New Testament" was Roman anti-Jewish propaganda.
The Romans needed to create a new religion that was friendly to their occupation and would prevent the violent uprisings anticipated by Jewish Messianism.
The Romans may or may not have based the character of Jesus on a person who actually lived.
What noise does a stegosaurus make?
We ended up hooking up.
I was just talking to her about you.
I can understand her French pretty well.
Maybe I'm just silly, though.
I'm extremely depressed lately.
I've been extremely depressed lately.
It's a complicated thing for so many reasons.
I just had to get that clarified.
Did I have them confused with someone else?
I'm so queer.
I just wanted to be helpful in as many ways as possible.
You could wear a wig for a while while you grew your hair out.
If you know anyone who might be interested in this, feel free to pass it along.
Tom is a good husband and a wonderful daddy.
The tyrannosaurus escaped.
Sometimes, it's in the questions, when they're well-formed, that the answers are found.
Josephus was not an impartial historian.
My brother's ex works for Amnesty International.
The dragon escaped.
The devil escaped.
The demon escaped.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Vilnius.
My dream is to study Yiddish in New York.
We need to talk, Tom.
My dream is to study Bengali in Dhaka.
My dream is to study Kannada in Mysore.
My dream is to study Cantonese in Guangzhou.
My dream is to study Kannada in Bengaluru.
My dream is to study Telugu in Hyderabad.
My dream is to study Ladino in Istanbul.
My dream is to study Ladino in Jerusalem.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Montreal.
My dream is to study French in Montreal.
My dream is to study Yiddish in Kraków.
My dream is to study Argentinian Spanish in Berlin.
My dream is to study British English in New York.
My dream is to study Australian English in Vienna.
My dream is to study Austrian German in Sydney.
My dream is to study Klingon on Kronos.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Rivendell.
My dream is to study Sindarin in Lothlórien.
My dream is to study Taiwanese Hokkien in Taipei.
My goal is to write a villanelle and unclog my right ear.
My dream is to study Guarani in Asunción.
I like black coffee.
I like my coffee black.
Esther is adorkable.
The kittens are getting big.
Are you still with us, Tom?
Tell Tom I'll be late.
Tell Tom I'm going to be late.
Please tell Tom I'm going to be a few minutes late.
Please tell Tom I'll be a few minutes late.
Could you please tell Tom I'll be about ten minutes late?
Tom doesn't deserve Mary.
Mary doesn't deserve Tom.
Mary is out of Tom's league.
"Cultural Marxism" is an antisemitic dog whistle.
"All lives matter" is a white supremacist dog whistle.
Nazis often use dog whistles in the hopes that they will generate outrage, and use this outrage to further their propaganda.
Dog-whistle politics were employed extensively by Richard Nixon as part of what became known as the Southern Strategy.
"Low-IQ" is one of Donald Trump's favorite dog whistles.
Donald Trump is not shy about using a plethora of antisemitic dog whistles on any Jew who publicly criticizes him.
My dream is to study Ancient Greek in Athens.
My dream is to study Aeolic Greek on Lesbos.
I'm not Tom's husband.
I'm not Mary's wife.
I'm Tom's husband.
I'm Mary's wife.
I'm Tom's spouse and my pronouns are they/them.
I'm Mary's spouse and my pronouns are they/them.
I don't want to take the garbage out.
I don't want to wash the dishes.
I don't want to do the dishes.
Tom says he's an anarchist, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom says he's a communist, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom can quote every page of The Conquest of Bread, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
A baby fox is called a kit.
Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
I see you drank the open-source Kool-Aid.
Reality is complicated.
Science is counterintuitive.
Shitposting is not revolutionary.
I'm not Mary's husband.
There are no bad cats, only bad owners.
There are no bad dogs, only bad owners.
"I don't think I'm wrong about this." "I'm sorry, but you are wrong."
Free the police dogs!
That's a heckin' good pupper you got there.
You are wicked.
Yankev is an observant Jew.
Esther is an observant Jew.
He is fed up.
He assumes everything.
He takes it upon himself.
That's wicked cool.
I dated Tom's sister before I started dating him.
When you test to that extent, you are going to find more people, find more cases. So I said to my people, "Slow the testing down, please."
You know what happens to that Republican who listens to the scientists? On that day, that Republican loses his campaign funding from the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry.
My dad was born in Poland. I know a little bit about the immigrant experience. Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate. Maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
"I'm going to AA so I have something to do other than drink." "OK, sounds good, but don't drink the Kool-Aid."
No one knows exactly where Tom Ashur was born.
No one knows exactly where Toma bar Yonan was born.
We have a real, deadly public health crisis on our hands, and Donald Trump is more concerned about statues and relics of the Confederacy and slavery than he is the survival of the American people.
This is the only way to go. We should stop dithering!
The crimes of Hitler and Stalin were not equally heinous.
L. L. Zamenhof, who hoped to unite all of humanity, named his son Adam.
All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children perished in the Holocaust.
All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children were murdered in the Holocaust.
"I was just cleaning and found a few things." "Did you see my red shirt?" "Unfortunately, no."
Black trans lives matter.
Every Friday I get up early, walk from here to the train station, buy a ticket to New York, and spend the weekend with my parents. Then I go home.
That's how I would've written it if I wasn't translating from Esperanto.
I love grilled mushrooms.
We're cooking shish kebabs.
I could live off of mushrooms for the rest of my life.
My partner grills the best mushrooms.
One of our cats is very unhappy about the new kittens.
You get dreams for free.
We get dreams for free.
Did you copy and paste this from somewhere?
It's a good and natural sentence.
That's an awkward way of putting it.
Granted, native speakers will often say things awkwardly.
All cops are pigs.
It looks like you started translating this but didn't finish.
This seems a bit off.
Does she really want to die on this hill?
Someone drove by our house and yelled, "Faggot commies!"
Ah, that's why the lame ducks are jealous.
We must not beat the milk hand-milked by others.
All those who churn the wind believe they can grow.
Suffering is not a virtue.
The idea of visiting a church makes me uncomfortable.
The idea of visiting a church weirds me out.
Maybe you are cold since you are shivering?
Yep, go to Tatoeba and write it there!
Bad faith is so despicable!
Since daybreak, he hasn't stopped chattering.
I've known Jeff for 15 years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
Pigs are very intelligent.
Pigs are very smart.
Pigs are smarter than dogs and cats.
Pigs are adorable. I want one.
Free Turtle Island!
Our cat is very high-strung.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss is despised, and in fact excommunicated, by anti-Zionist Orthodox Jews.
A variable of global scope can be referenced anywhere in the program.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss shared a podium with David Duke, the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Before we begin, let's have a quick overview of Java 8.
Before we get started, here's an overview of what we learned last week.
Before we go into Marx's theories, I'm going to give a quick overview of their historical context.
Awareness is necessary but not sufficient.
I've brought the website into compliance with W3C standards.
We view compliance with existing standards as important, but this does not override our own requirements.
Jesus was originally a pumpkin until he was brought to life by Cinderella's fairy godmother.
A lot of people only care about "defending language" when it involves queer people defining themselves.
I like basmati rice.
The recipe calls for basmati rice.
It's too hot to do anything.
We like diversity.
Helen Keller was a member of the Industrial Workers of the World.
Helen Keller was a socialist, antimilitarist, and disability rights activist.
I was attacked in my sleep by a kitten.
After more than a century of persecuting Jews as communists and claiming "communists killed Jesus," Christians are now claiming Jesus was a communist who was killed by Jewish capitalists.
John E. Rankin, a member of the House Un-American Activities Committee, once stated, "Communism is older than Christianity. It is the curse of the ages. It hounded and persecuted the Savior during his earthly ministry, inspired his crucifixion."
Have you sent the book?
Have you sent the book yet?
In the United States, "right to work" is doublespeak for union-busting measures.
The party's platform is full of doublespeak aimed at dressing its misanthropic policies up in the language of liberty and justice.
In 2017, Kellyanne Conway coined the doublespeak term "alternative facts" to describe the false version of reality constructed by Donald Trump's perpetually dishonest and self-serving statements.
During the Gulf War, the U.S. Department of Defense coined the doublespeak term "visiting a site" to refer to bombing missions.
Mary and Alice are pretending to be married.
Tom and John are pretending to be married.
To say that Shlomo Sand is full of shit is putting it lightly, but the industry he is in is a lucrative one.
Diogenes was the first punk.
Jair Bolsonaro has coronavirus. Please pray for his swift death.
Tom asked to speak to the manager.
Mary asked to speak to the manager.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager.
Karen demanded to speak to the manager this instant.
Our soup of the day is beer.
Tom's favourite bird is a kookaburra.
The PDF is searchable.
Only the English parts of the PDF are searchable, unfortunately.
People with a given skin color do not form a genetic clade.
A skin color is not a lineage.
Sir, this is a public place. I'm going to have to ask you to keep it down.
Tom is a rent-a-cop.
Tom's a mall cop.
Tom's a cop. Don't talk to him.
Tom sent his sandwich back.
Kittens love to cuddle.
Kittens are soft and fluffy.
Kittens are very playful.
We should get started on that basement.
A face covering is required.
America is deeply sick.
Why are kittens so cute?
Take everything in moderation, especially moderation.
You, the person reading this, are beautiful.
Tom is a cat.
I appreciate you saying that, though.
It's normal to hate people who want to kill you.
It's normal to hate specific people who want to kill you.
Hate has its place.
I don't write anymore.
I swear I have absolutely nothing.
Society is a cult.
Tom was the only one willing to address the elephant in the room.
I'm an ancient Hebrew.
Zamenhof was an Ashkenazi Jew.
I learned it by watching you.
It's a symptom of late-stage capitalism.
Omid is a Persian Christian.
In the McCarthy era, "Jewish" was widely considered synonymous with "socialist," and "Christian" with "capitalist."
Older Jewish socialists consider McCarthyism to have been a pogrom.
Jews in the Soviet Union were persecuted as "Zionists," regardless of their actual views on Zionism.
For a Soviet Jew to have concern for their own people was viewed as "bourgeois nationalism," despite the intensely nationalist character of the Soviet Union from Stalin on.
Members of the Jewish Antifascist Committee were arrested and executed for wanting to rebuild the Jewish people and Jewish culture after the Holocaust.
Cats are magic.
In French, I manage to fend myself; in Kabyle, on the other hand, the road will be longer.
"What's hell?" "It's complete and total isolation from everyone and everything." "That sounds nice. I'll take that."
Even if we do not immediately succeed in leading the Kabyle to its peak, others will succeed.
The rabbi always connects the week's Torah portion to the issues of the day.
She has strong opinions on the issues of the day.
I contain multitudes.
I hope I see a platypus while I'm in Austria.
Yes, I am hale and hearty!
Have you had a glass of water recently?
Go drink a glass of water.
In the 17th and 18th centuries, European surnames were legally forced upon Ashkenazi Jews.
Many Ashkenazi Jews were required to pick from a list of pre-approved surnames, while others were assigned a surname.
This was part of a centuries-long program of cultural genocide that culminated in the physical genocide of the Holocaust.
All of the European nation-states, not just Nazi Germany, were participants in the centuries-long genocide that culminated in the Holocaust.
Many continue to participate in it by using relics of this very same genocide against its victims.
The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to what became the Frankish and later Holy Roman Empire came to be known as "Ashkenazi."
The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to Iberia came to be known as "Sephardi."
Many other communities of Jewish refugees existed throughout the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Most of the communities remained in touch using Hebrew as a written lingua franca; others became isolated.
The Crusades killed and displaced even more Jews from what had by then become known as Palestine, at the same time as Crusaders killed many European Jews.
The Christian Reconquista forced Sephardim out of Spain.
Many went to North Africa and the Middle East, where they integrated with existing communities, but others spread out into Europe to places like the Netherlands and France.
Tom makes the best vegan sausage.
Tom has the best vegan sausage.
The kitten seems to be feeling better this morning.
The kitten held Esther's hand in her paws and licked it.
It's a complete mess.
I want no part of it anymore.
I definitely want to read that.
Tom's parrot swears in Esperanto.
Cats are complex individuals.
Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.
What a crowd; what a turnout.
Kim Jong-un speaks and his people sit up at attention. I want my people to do the same.
I am often the least racist person that anybody is going to meet.
I have a natural instinct for science.
What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening.
I completely forgot to put out the bin.
Tom is a bin lorry driver.
Tom ate a fun-sized Mars bar.
Flying ants are very annoying insects.
No one who describes "postmodernism" as an ideology should ever be taken seriously about anything.
For the far right, "postmodernism" is everything they don't like from a wide variety of mutually contradictory philosophies melded into one philosophy advanced by an all-powerful straw opponent who controls all of academia, the media, and politics.
Bring it on! Show me what you've got!
Blimey, what a bellend!
Tom relieved himself on Ronald Reagan's grave.
Lidja Zamenhof, who was religiously Baha'i, was killed by the Nazis for being a Jew.
The three weeks preceding Tisha B'Av are a period of mourning in Judaism.
Alain is a French Jew.
I can speak a little French, but I'm not fluent.
I speak a little French, but I'm not fluent.
Tom's very good at debugging.
We still have such a long way to go to reach our goal in this world!
I love my mums.
I love my moms.
I love my dads.
I can't believe such a lazy man will accomplish his job!
Love like you've never been hurt.
Klingon is my favorite international auxiliary language.
Dan is a Lithuanian Jew.
Greta is Lithuanian.
Lukas is Lithuanian.
Dina is a Lithuanian Jew.
The common interests of the many should outweigh the individual interest of the few.
This is a rare and insidious disease.
At its narrowest, the Strait of Gibraltar is 14.3 kilometres wide.
The Strait of Gibraltar divides Spain from Morocco.
To the Ancient Romans, Scandinavia was far more foreign and remote than North Africa.
The notion that Europeans had a common culture or civilization would have been laughable to the Ancient Greeks and Romans.
Trump's secret police are now literally disappearing protesters.
In his song "People", Matoub (may he rest in peace) said: "Many people expected to have food and shelter from those they considered loved ones, but ended their night outside."
The apple isn't red.
I'm not giving John the apple.
Hitler didn't invent the yellow star.
Mary, Layla, Skura, and Esther are in a polyamorous relationship.
“There are some people who only manage to enjoy themselves when they are in a herd. The true hero is one who manages to have fun alone", said Charles Baudelaire.
In Tiberian, Yemenite, and Ashkenazi Hebrew, long a merged with short o.
In Sephardi Hebrew, long vowels merged with their short equivalents.
It's too hot to do much of anything.
Not everyone who opposes Trump is a good person, but everyone who supports Trump is a bad person.
Esther is still getting used to the lithium.
Grab me a Bible and watch me solemnly swear not to hit you over the head with it.
Plowing looks so easy when you see it done by others.
Tom's an asshole in three different languages.
Rachel's going to be out of commission for a while.
7-Up used to have lithium in it.
Trump's dad was arrested at a KKK rally in 1927.
Here I am, where you are.
You'll soon see me getting to where you are.
Emma Goldman was a prominent Jewish anarchist.
Emma Goldman is considered a forerunner of anarchist feminism.
The Book of Matthew relates an incident when Jesus was needlessly cruel to a Canaanite woman in a manner that is completely at odds with the Torah's commandment to treat strangers as "one of your own."
The Internet has not exactly enlightened the world.
Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field.
Wherever I left my stones, I'll go back, said the river.
Unidentified agents of Emperor Trump are going around kidnapping protesters off the street.
This is the last stage of fascism.
Some people squabbled, even came to blows, for trifles that do not even belong to them.
Many people don't understand cats.
May you all live long and prosper.
There is no Kabbalah without Judaism.
I shouldn't do that for free.
Here comes the turn of those who had nothing to say.
Tom said he wanted to commit suicide by cop.
Tom committed suicide by cop.
My dream is to study Marathi in Mumbai.
Marathi is an Indo-Aryan language.
Sindhi is an Indo-Aryan language.
My dream is to study Sindhi in Karachi.
Pashto is an Eastern Iranian language.
Tom says he'll return to Blighty by Christmas.
Kittens make the world tolerable.
Despite their reputations as aloof misanthropes, most cats love to cuddle with humans and are very affectionate.
Befriending a cat requires respecting its boundaries.
I'm just checking to see if we're still on for 5.
Are we still on for 5?
I don't know the full story at all.
I wish I knew more.
Most of what I know, I know from what my parents told me.
When I was younger I wasn't as interested, unfortunately.
Sounds great.
How do you say this in Yiddish?
Does that still work for you?
I found the Yiddish version on the Yiddish Book Center's website.
Could you please print this?
Tom is Mary's metamour.
Tom is Mary's fuck buddy.
Marie is the Queen of France.
Expect her to be fired, since she is often late for work.
Expect her to get the sack for always being late to work.
Expect her to get the sack, since she is often late for work.
O tongue made of flesh, why do you pour out so much poison?
I leaned on him; he collapsed on top of me.
I'm the devil.
Lithium is used as a mood stabilizer.
Tom wasn't himself.
Tom wasn't himself last night.
Some have everything, others have plenty of time and some still see it all.
According to Rabbinic tradition, the Messiah will be born on Tisha B'Av.
Republicans are dropping like flies because they've decided to politicize a pandemic.
Yesterday the co-founder of Turning Point USA died of COVID-19; today Herman Cain died of the virus.
They've lost the ability to think of anything outside of their all-consuming culture war.
It's genuinely pathetic.
The Republican response to COVID-19 is like their response to climate change, but the results are more immediate.
My ancestor Levi was a borderline-genocidal murderer, but I think the best message of Judaism is that we can all be righteous if we choose to.
Speak of the devil and he appears.
Some are simply plump, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are just chubby, others have a bonus goiter.
Some are just obese, others have a bonus goiter.
My fork is too small.
According to B'reshit Rabba, Noah's wife Naamah was a righteous descendant of Cain.
According to Aristotle: "The ignorant affirms, the learned doubts, the wise reflects."
As he was premature, he was weak; now he is smart.
Since he was premature, he was weak; here he is cheered up.
Since he was premature, he was weak; here he is exhilarated.
If he wants to come, let him come. What is preventing him?
If he wants to come, let him do so. What is preventing him?
He bugs me.
He sucks all the air out of me.
The apple never falls far from the tree.
People like others in different ways.
That's all we have. If we let it go, it's going to be our final mass.
That's all we have. If we let it go, it will be our final mass.
Finally, nobody came!
There is absolutely nothing left!
Life's good!
Whoever has a frog in his throat begins to belch.
He who has a frog in his throat begins to belch.
As I milk, the cat churns.
The cat churns while I milk.
Come what will!
Come hell or high water!
The die is cast!
No strand goes with the other.
There is no strand that goes with the other.
There are too many arrogant, mocking people. All I can do, for my part, is give them some slack.
As an old Kabyle saying goes: "Help those who are in need. As for God, leave him to others."
Especially you, we won't find anyone who doesn't know you!
The mortar and pestle always go together.
He who sleeps until noon, then starts to run.
Whoever sleeps until noon, then starts to run.
Everyone from here has been there in great numbers.
Who's Tom? Oh, right. I had a brain fart.
I'm taking a self-care break.
You're a very strong person.
Here he goes again and again to go nibble something!
He took into his mind to make me dig a pit for my father, while confiscating me the pickaxe.
The really important thing is not to live, but to live well.
The poor kid felt the blow he was given.
The thing that really matters is not to live, but to live well.
I apologize if I forgot any others.
And we moved the capital of Israel to Jerusalem. That's for the Evangelicals. You know, it's amazing with that: the Evangelicals are more excited by that than Jewish people.
We lend barley to those who have wheat.
I thought Tom's dad's name was Jack.
These kittens are so cute, I can't stand it!
Vertigo generally isn't a good thing.
I think we did talk about it a bit and I forgot.
Talk to you soon.
That shouldn't be acceptable to anyone.
I've heard you talk about this before.
I tried to separate the two.
I'll rewrite it.
It's not surprising in the least.
I do, unfortunately.
Ugh, that's awful.
People still don't understand what's so bad about that.
Right; I understand.
This isn't too early, is it?
Tom is no socialist.
Tom's no socialist.
Tom's a huge socialist.
Tom isn't an anarchist.
Tom's an anarchist.
Tom's no anarchist.
Tom can't make up his mind about his political ideology.
Tom can't keep a job.
Tom is always changing careers.
Tom can't possibly be all the things people say he is.
Let's get down to brass tacks.
We did a whole lot of things that were right, but we tortured some folks.
It's important to distinguish the historical Tom Jackson from the things people have written about him.
Tom isn't real; he can't hurt you.
Tom can't possibly be under your bed.
Tom kissed the frog.
Tom doesn't do lunch.
I don't do lunch.
I had thought about it.
I should change the wording of that.
Right; thank you.
I'm going to have to get going for a bit.
It could be someone fucking around, or it could be real.
But this isn't cited.
The argument is extraordinarily weak.
Hamas still to this day denies the Holocaust.
I think you did talk about this.
I don't think you did.
I don't really get it; there are survivors still alive today.
She was from a very Orthodox family.
What the hell are they even talking about?
I'm still going to pursue the things I'm interested in.
I don't go to shul much at all.
What do you think is best for you?
It goes without saying he had a neckbeard.
If we're all made in God's image, we must all have emanations, right?
I think I was panicking yesterday.
I might fall asleep.
"Massachusetts or Lincolnshire?" "Ontario."
Tom lives in Boston, Ontario.
Tom was born in Boston, Alabama.
I don't believe it for a minute!
Tom probably isn't in danger of starving to death.
Tom isn't in danger of starving to death.
There are those who eat without being hungry, and then there are those who are hungry and do not even eat.
Good words are better than money.
Mary's on the spectrum.
Tom's on the spectrum.
Mary's bipolar.
Tom's bipolar.
Calls for a peaceful solution often ignore the everyday violence that led to the conflict in question.
The comma is superfluous, I think.
Why can't I be friends with Tom?
The state is a racket.
Tom is actually an alien.
Tom is obviously not a golfer.
I'm not interested right now, cat.
I'm honestly surprised someone other than Trump is speaking at the convention.
If you're going to talk about "Old" and "New" Testaments, the Christian one certainly isn't the newest. In fact I'll bet you someone, somewhere, wrote a newer one this year.
These are all important letters to read.
You continue to feed the poor water mill whose gears have worn out!
You continue to feed the poor water mill with worn out gears!
Cats are cool.
Ruth isolated herself.
Tom's an icon in the bear community.
"They allow themselves to be scalped by the first comer... They perish where they were born... And they take pleasure in bliss...", said the player Mohand-U-Yahia about The Berbers.
Cruelty, like every other vice, requires no motive outside of itself; it only requires opportunity.
Whenever I've felt there was no hope, I waited and gained new insight.
I learned it wasn't as hopeless as I had thought.
He's too judgmental.
Surrealism is a bullfrog's antlers.
Many small children are more mature than Donald Trump.
There's no bigger bullshitter than Donald Trump.
I'm cuddling with a kitten.
"Wanna wake 'n bake?" "I have work."
I need coffee before I can deal with that.
These kittens are just too precious.
Tom's in the psych ward.
We're going to go visit Tom in the psych ward if you want to come.
Tom was voluntold to pick up trash on the side of the road on behalf of his company.
This is a pipe.
I've never been to Scotland.
How's your store doing?
Are you now, or have you ever been, a communist?
Tom isn't a Zapatista.
Tom might be a communist.
My cat might be a communist.
My cat won't shut up about Mao.
The most unpardonable sin in society is independence of thought.
Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labelled Utopian.
I'm done with everything.
You can call something bad without calling it the Holocaust.
Tom is the CEO of Antifa, Inc..
Oh my God, are you me?
Oy vey.
Tom is not a porn star.
Isn't Tom Jack's son?
It's a pipe bomb!
Tom isn't disillusioned.
Tom was never the problem.
Tom was always a golfer.
Tom has always been a communist.
Tom didn't tell me he was a porn star.
Tom always forgets punctuation and capital letters.
Tom doesn't want to seize the means of production.
Tom doesn't want to bring back the guillotine.
Geoff spent his childhood in Belgium.
Tom's face is on an oatmeal box.
You've never done drugs.
I hope Trump chokes on a Big Mac.
Tom isn't gay. He's bi.
Two apples are baking in an oven. One of them says, "It sure is hot in here." The other goes, "AHHH! A talking apple!"
Don't be nice to those who might forget it, and don't be mean to those who might remember.
The Nazis couldn't have carried out the Holocaust without the assistance of other far-right nationalist groups in Eastern Europe.
I pulled a rope and a whole mountain collapsed.
What an interesting little titbit he told me.
Mary would always niggle Tom over his lack of punctuation in text messages.
These sausages are from Northumbria.
Wearing an upside down baseball cap on your head is pretty whacky.
The bullets bounced off the side of the armoured car.
Tom didn't want to fall foul of his teacher's wrath, so he stayed quiet in lessons.
I placed my cup on the place mat in front of me.
When invigilating exams, teachers sometimes like to play silent games with each other.
The laddish youths left the pub singing football chants.
Before I got this new OLED TV, I used to have a plasma screen.
My cold has made me rather sniffy.
She put her young girl in her pushchair and set off down the path.
I'm gonna get some dosh at the cash point.
We barely do any work in geography lessons, we just doss about.
Mary still uses a top-up card to put credit on her phone.
On Saturday they decided to just doss around at the park.
This restaurant does not cater for vegans.
The bishop came back from holiday to her diocese.
My new phone case is a bit naff.
Please could you write your forename in the space provided.
We're going to take a small ad out in the paper.
Some yob kicked a ball at my head.
Tom grew up in a terraced house just down the road from a ginormous mansion.
A lady in my meeting talked so much I just could not get a word in edgeways.
Mary dropped her earring in the sink which then vanished down the plughole.
I can't decide whether to invest in a corporate bond or a gilt.
As soon as he gets home he collapses on the settee and watches football on TV.
Tom passed his exams, so his dad popped out the champers to celebrate.
Being given the captaincy was the greatest honour she'd ever been given.
That's one phat joint.
The boiler can be reset by turning the left hand dial fully anti-clockwise.
The Liberal Democrats demand proportional representation for elections in the UK.
Tome squirted some washing-up liquid in the dishwasher, but regretted it afterwards.
In France they measure wine by the centilitre.
I had a feather stuck in my windpipe.
You sound like you're at the end of your tether. Rough day?
I much prefer haddock to cod.
She took some painkillers to take the edge off the pain in her shin.
My brother and I always take the piss out of each other when we meet up.
Why do they turn the lights on in the cinema during the credits?
The two Houses of Parliament in London are the House of Lords and the House of Commons.
Is there a greetings card shop round here?
The new housing estate had a strong smell of sewage.
Karl Marx killed my dad.
Hmm... that's also what I said to myself just now!
Hmm... I said that to myself here, too!
Where is the ox looking then? He stares at the barley that the donkey is chewing. The people refuse the gutter, the power does not want to hear about it. And, as we will still hang around for a long time, citizens are still seeking their right to progress.
The Kabyle language can therefore compete with others, when it is necessary!
I'll get them some milk.
What is the use of being born!
Hitler came to power via a democratic process.
Revolutions aren't inherently good.
Revolutions can be good or bad.
That Tom is a bad influence.
This machine kills fascists.
This website kills fascists.
This language kills fascists.
This sentence kills fascists.
I'll get you some milk.
I'll get him some milk.
I'll get her some milk.
Try to distract yourself.
I admit that I don't have the truth.
I admit that I don't have all the answers.
Absolutely not!
Nobody counted on Tom coming.
Donald Trump's fascist cult would not have been possible without George W. Bush.
I still have such a long way to go!
Was Tom one of the Jackson 5?
Nation-states are inherently oppressive.
The five states of matter are solid, liquid, gas, plasma, and cat.
The sun's up, but it's cloudy.
Rumor has it that Martin Scorsese is working on a gangster movie.
I just wonder what Tom is up to.
I asked an escobar to go get me something; he brought me his alter ego.
I asked a crooked person to fetch me a sickle; he brought me back some wind.
Kittens are adorable.
Tom isn't a furry.
Why do you think Tom is addicted to heroin?
Tom isn't addicted to heroin.
I'm not a fan of that guy.
I'm going to be watching a movie again.
That's a great way of putting it.
That's an extremist position.
So much of what she's saying needs to be said.
I wouldn't feel too bad about it.
Life can be a lot.
Karl Marx was born and raised Christian, never connecting to Judaism at any point in his entire life.
The Jewish influence on his life was minimal.
Read another book.
If you don't talk to your cat about catnip, who will?
Everybody loses.
Many people hold back, once destabilized.
A door ends up loosening, when it is left ajar for a long time.
Thanks for putting up with me.
If you're the smartest person in the room, you're in the wrong room.
Lying isn't criticism.
Tom's a member of my credit union.
Tom's a member of my housing co-op.
Tom and I are in the same housing co-op.
Tom is organizing a rent strike.
I wish it wasn't true.
Gender-reveal parties have killed more people than Antifa.
It's the world upside down.
The kitten screamed.
Tom was born on Mars.
I will always remember, till the 60's, the grime in our noses due to the fumes from the kerosene lamp. We always had tried to wash ourselves, it remained; especially when it was freezing, we could only do very basic toilet.
Polish Jews are more closely related to Iraqi Jews than to non-Jewish Poles.
I'm a person of science.
I'm a man of science.
I'm a woman of science.
I'm a man of few words.
I'm a woman of few words.
I'm a person of few words.
I'm a man of my word.
I'm a woman of my word.
I'm a person of my word.
I'm a cat of science.
Tom is a man of learning.
I'm a cat of my word.
The slow blue puma slides under the diligent cat.
The slow blue puma dives under the diligent cat.
It's so exhausting.
It did not remain attached neither to the skin nor to the carcass.
Judaism is a tribal religion.
It's a hell of a start.
I wonder why we were born? Maybe it's just to have offspring.
What would happen if we were silent? Or, it would be our party! Whatever we do, it's a dead end!
This child is distraught and may lose his mind.
You never let the drum relax.
You never surrendered.
The system is working exactly the way it was designed.
Tom isn't brilliant.
Tom studies French history in Australia.
Tom studies Australian history in France.
Tom lives in a shoe.
Tom lives in a zoo.
Tom's new music is pretty good.
Tom sent me a song he was working on.
I hope Tom stays off dope.
I don't read fan fiction.
He rounded the corners.
The rainbow is also called in Kabyle "the belt of Ţeriel".
"Ţeriel" is a bad fairy who often turns into an ogress.
“Tislit n wanẓar” (rainbow) is the bride of the rain god “Anẓaṛ”.
We were told at that times that when the ogress "Ţeriel" removes her belt, then fell all the snakes, toads and lizards she kept to eat them later ... Once we were told those awful stories, we the children, we had only to sleep between the arms of our grandmothers to avoid the unavoidable nightmares.
I think Tom's brilliant.
States don't have rights.
Tom wasn't the one.
Tom isn't the one.
Is anyone fluent in Latin?
If the Earth was flat, cats would've knocked everything off by now.
ICE is forcing undocumented women to get unnecessary hysterectomies.
No, that can't be it.
It's just one thing after another.
I tried lying down for a nap, dreamt about homelessness, and woke up.
This is good; I love this.
Fact checks should straight-up say "not true" in the headline, rather than teasing it and spreading misinformation.
I still don't really know.
Maybe people googled the quote.
It's literally the trolley problem.
I think that's bullshit, but it is what it is.
The diastems do not wear bad; they are called: the teeth of happiness.
The former teacher allowed intelligent students to express themselves: he often uses his time to give only advice. He is like the person responsible for the distribution of irrigation water in the villages: he only channels the water to the right recipient.
Mary's mask is cooler than Tom's.
Tom's mask is out of fashion.
No one cares about your conscience.
Your conscience only exists in your head.
Love it or leave it.
You didn't let me speak Finnish.
Surrealists of the world, drip onto the ceiling!
Tom is an onomastician.
You are a blessing.
My dog joined the army.
The teacher of yesteryear allowed intelligent students to express themselves: he often spent his time only giving advice. He was like the person responsible for the distribution of irrigation water in the villages: he only channelled the water to the right recipient.
No one knew Tom's French was good.
No one knew Tom's French was so good.
Why shouldn't Tom visit Boston?
Why wouldn't Tom visit Boston?
Why would Tom visit Boston?
What would Tom do in Boston?
Didn't Tom come to Boston with you?
I never knew that Tom was from Boston.
I've never visited Boston with Tom.
I didn't visit Boston with Tom.
I wish Tom wouldn't come to Boston.
Tom wouldn't need to go to Boston.
Wouldn't Tom need to go to Boston?
Would Tom need to go to Boston?
Tom would need to go to Boston.
Tom is a werecat.
Tom is a werewolf.
Tom is a werelion.
Tom uses sock puppet accounts to upvote his posts.
This isn't a dating site.
Mary, Marie, and Maria went out for a drink.
Death is the great equalizer.
People often try to read their own ideologies into nature.
There's no such thing as a natural hierarchy.
Hierarchy is a social construct.
Jordan Peterson is a weird mystic who bases his ideas on the discredited pseudoscience of Carl Jung.
My cat's fur is all matted.
Fuck Trump.
I'm intelligent. Some people would say I'm very, very, very intelligent.
My father gave me a small loan of a million dollars.
I thought Tom was Pennsylvania Dutch.
We won't go on foot.
Tom doesn't appreciate your courage.
Tom appreciates your courage.
Your country is going through a difficult time.
My country is going through a difficult time.
Their country is going through a difficult time.
Tom isn't prepared to tell the truth.
The Prime Minister isn't willing to tell the truth.
Are they from another planet?
Tom didn't break everything.
The building is grayish yellow.
I didn't speak to everyone.
I haven't spoken to everyone.
I didn't talk to everyone.
His ex-wife wants to ruin his new relationship.
Her ex-wife wants to ruin her new relationship.
Tom's ex-wife wants to ruin his new relationship.
Mary's ex-wife wants to ruin her new relationship.
We're listening to Carnatic music.
Everything always goes smoothly.
All was well.
Everything was always so good.
You're nothing like your sister.
I'm glad I was here.
It's dangerous to come here alone.
Tom wasn't exactly an adventurer.
None of us yawned.
It's worse that way.
It's better this way.
I know how to spell his name; you don't need to tell me.
It's not hard to find a bench you can sleep on in this city.
I never slept on that bench when I was homeless.
This store isn't exactly in a prime location.
Didn't you throw up?
This isn't very big.
We're eating beans.
I wasn't bleeding.
I didn't sing anything.
We weren't studying.
We didn't study.
Tom was drinking coffee.
Uranus isn't a planet.
Tom took his first steps today.
Tom said his first word.
Tom isn't a member of my credit union.
Tom is a ghost.
I think Tom's a ghost.
We won't do it until Tom leaves.
We won't do it if Tom leaves.
Tom said he would sleep on the floor.
Tom was once an anarchist.
Tom was once a communist.
Tom was once a translator.
I forgot to check up on Tom.
Tom is the only person in our office who doesn't speak French.
Could I be wrong?
Mary is a weird dudette.
Tom was once a libertarian.
Tom was once a golfer.
Tom used to be a golfer.
Tom used to be a libertarian.
Tom used to be a capitalist.
Tom used to do drugs.
Tom still does drugs.
Tom always talks about doing drugs, but no one ever says they've done them with him.
I think Tom's a cop.
Gender-reveal parties are more dangerous than Antifa.
"Tom was in a pitiful state." "Ohio?" "What?" "Was it Ohio?"
The Bolshevik counterrevolution reversed the fortunes of what had been a strong and rising proletarian movement.
When the Mensheviks were combined with the Jewish Labor Bund, the Bolsheviks were in the minority.
The Bolsheviks smeared Bundists as "Zionists with seasickness."
At least two Americans have shot themselves in the groin this year.
Tom's father was a high-ranking member of the Communist Party.
Republicans are absolutely twisted, bloodthirsty, power-hungry, sadistic liars.
Rand Paul is a self-certified ophthalmologist.
Everything's horrible.
"How's everything?" "Horrible."
The tom's name is Tom.
Tom broke almost everything.
You are the demons.
I don't think Tom's an alien.
How can I be sure?
However high we can fly, we end up going down again.
Wherever he set foot, he was at home.
Wherever he laid his hat was his home.
Grace is a way to fall to the top.
Tom talks like a cartoon villain sometimes.
More and more Holocaust survivors are dying, and fewer and fewer people know one personally.
Tom bought 200 bog rolls online.
Hunger never provides for anyone.
Is Tom even a real doctor?
Snakes never kiss anyone.
Tom really wanted to see the Great Barrier Reef, so he booked a ticket to Austria.
We no longer have the strength to lift loads.
I was in a dark spot at the time.
I was really broken at the time.
I'm going to have to listen to that in a bit.
No one's perfect at it.
I met a longtime friend that way.
I asked about the music.
I asked him about the music.
The conversation hit a dead spot.
I knew he'd win.
I knew Trump was a fascist in 2015.
She was born in Czechoslovakia.
She helped translate Czech Holocaust literature.
She was fond of the place and would have returned there after the Holocaust if it hadn't been Soviet-occupied.
It's only gotten worse.
Tankies are wannabe cops.
I think it's part of Ukraine now.
She spoke Czech.
Her mother tongue was Czech.
The Yiddish term for the Holocaust is Khurbn, a deliberate analogy to the destructions of the First and Second Temple.
I have social anxiety.
Tom has social anxiety.
Esther has social anxiety.
Tom's a recluse.
Will you shut up, man?
He wouldn't know a suburb unless he took a wrong turn.
Maybe you can inject some bleach into your arm.
Tom has heart failure.
Do not be too bad, or you will be hated, nor too good, or you will be eaten.
No one ever has the perfect words.
You're a hero, Tom.
You're no hero, Tom.
You're a thief, Tom.
Bernie can still win.
You're a fighter, Tom.
You're a barbarian, Tom.
You're a sorcerer, Tom.
You're a wizard, Tom.
You're a warlock, Tom.
You're a warrior, Tom.
Regardless of anything else, I can appreciate how Joe Biden told Donald Trump to shut up.
Donald Trump has COVID-19.
"Donald Trump has tested positive for COVID-19." "Wow, couldn't have happened to a nicer guy."
Cats are sweethearts half the time and demons the other half.
I have never killed anyone, but I have read some obituary notices with great satisfaction.
Keep yappin', man.
Do you believe for a moment what he's telling you?
Trump's experimental coronavirus treatment costs more than he pays in taxes.
"Tom got promoted." "Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!"
Tom is the only one wearing a cape.
Tom is the only person wearing a cape.
Tom is the only one wearing a tie.
Tom is the only person wearing a tie.
Tom is the only one who isn't wearing a tie.
Tom is the only person who isn't wearing a tie.
That mutt bit me!
You are not immune to propaganda.
Stand back and stand by.
Tom's brother Michael was a pop singer.
What's the temperature in Moscow?
What's the temperature in Beijing?
What's the temperature in Boston?
How do I become a cat?
We are not going to let the cat churn what we milked after all!
I just added these two sentences.
It is better for each to cover the other, rather than for each to blame the other.
Ah, so this is the one who dared to remove me from his list without telling me why. I had forgotten, hey, and you come to remind me!
The sky darkened without any raining.
A word is like a bullet; output, it doesn't come back.
A word is like a bullet.
Phew, you at least, you listen to me!
What's the temperature here?
What time does the sun go down?
What time does the sun set?
Donald Trump is a piece of shit.
All that is good is iron, the rest is only ferule.
Is Trump dead yet?
If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves.
I speak a few words of Cat.
Have you tried turning it off and turning it on again?
Tom joined a weird millennialist sect.
Tom joined a weird millenarianist sect.
They played fantastically.
They produced a state of poverty heretofore unheard of in England.
The vampire was born in the antediluvian world.
Tom is a crewman on a spaceship.
Can you make a voiced linguolabial fricative?
I can make a linguolabial trill.
I heard Tom was a werewolf.
Tom's got roid rage.
Tom's life is a sitcom.
Tom's got road rage.
They found out that Tom was the arsonist.
"I don't think you need to wear makeup." "What if I want to?"
Take off your glasses. I want to see your eyes.
You should be a model.
I wish I had your hair.
"Which of these paths do you prefer?" we asked a donkey stuck between an ascending and a descending trail. "I wish there were a pickax to demolish both of them," he replied.
How can you not know you're gorgeous?
A woman's place is in the revolution.
Something about Mary makes Tom feel bad about himself.
They're both gay, but they're not a couple.
Wikipedia is a reference work powered by an endless argument.
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
If America were the best country in the world, it wouldn't need to constantly assert this.
The Lord is versatile: He giveth and taketh.
You shouted. You have been pestilent. But so far, you have not been a traitor.
Ah, if you only knew what I dreamed of! Thank goodness I got off with this nightmare.
I heard something, but I don't know if it was anything.
Ozone is good up high, bad nearby.
They found out Tom was the thief.
I can understand why Tom would lie in that situation.
Mary is the only one wearing a dress.
Tom is the only one wearing a dress.
Mary is the only person wearing a dress.
Mary is the only woman wearing a dress.
Tom is the only man wearing a tie.
Mary is the only person wearing a tie.
Mary is the only one wearing a tie.
Mary is the only woman wearing a tie.
Tom is the only man wearing a dress.
I don't smoke weed any more, but I don't smoke it any less, either.
An elephant never forgets.
My cat ate an olive.
I don't understand why Tom would lie on the Internet.
Colonizers aren't immigrants.
The cat's already been fed.
The cats have already been fed.
I cleaned the litter box.
Make sure you clean the litter box twice a day.
One of the cats threw up in the kitchen.
Western civilization isn't real.
Kittens love to snuggle.
I hate attention.
I wonder why they aren't showing up.
Those are enabled. I wonder why they aren't showing up.
Tom hates attention.
Why does Esther hate attention?
Malka thinks reptiles are cute.
Malka cleared her throat.
Malka's a good singer.
Don't let the cat trick you; he's been fed.
Don't let the cat trick you; she's been fed.
They cancelled Tom's book.
I accidentally took my night meds instead of my afternoon meds.
Not all roses are red.
Dogs are noble creatures.
Malka is a good sniper.
They're just cats being cats.
When I misread sentences on Tatoeba, I often add my misreading as a new sentence.
“When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points,” said Confucius.
I only had dogs growing up.
Celebrities are just people.
Celebrities are just people, except obscenely wealthy.
Tom and Mary were both high, but Tom was also drunk.
The "At-Frawsen" people have no faults at all. With us, there are no half measures: when someone is pierced, he/she spills out like oil!
Mary is better than Tom at everything.
Ruth is better than Esther at everything.
Ruth is better than Esther at almost everything.
Tom opened a cat sanctuary.
The authorities evicted Rochel's queer feminist squat.
I rescued a kitten from a shelter.
I rescued a kitten.
I'm a fish.
Kateb Yacine is our idol because he is one of the few, on the other side of the wall, to have claimed his full and entire millennial Algerian identity. Others have strayed into an untraceable Arabness that they confuse with Islam, which is itself multiple. His entire work and his masterpiece Nedjma are there to remind us.
It's not like that we put the tripod on the "Kanoun" hearth, stunned guy!
Once you have done what I said, you will understand better.
“I will follow my path. I don't think I'll be back,” had said the rebel singer Matoub, long before they murdered him.
We have to help each other.
Hamlet is a terrible person.
She came, the Phoenician from Bona; and she sowed discord among the brothers.
He could no longer see the sun.
He softened it: that's what they say, speaking of someone who made a food softer.
This is how it will happen. The lock will close.
The one who behaves like the cat (as well as me, sometimes, there was a time), we say of him: "If he orders you to wash yourself, you might as well get dirty!"
Checkmate, atheists.
I was removing fleas from a dog when it rushed at me... So I woke up.
Can I take your order?
Go home, Tom. You're drunk.
I left my phone in Boston.
I lost my phone in San Francisco.
I put too much flour in the cookie dough.
I think I used a little too much onion powder.
I think I put too much vodka in the sauce.
I think I used too much garlic.
The pasta didn't turn out right.
I burnt the bread.
The word "tajerrumt or tagerrumt" (grammar, in Berber) was used by the Garamantes women of Libya to write their registers in Punico-Libyan and organize everything concerning the gold trade between black Africa and the surrounding Mediterranean area.
He eats propolis near the hearth where an incandescent fire is burning.
He's eating propolis near the hearth where an incandescent fire is burning.
She cannot ignore him: he is the first to stand out among her children.
She cannot ignore him: he is the first to have distinguished himself among her children.
This is where the shoe pinches!
One of the kittens is playing with an empty toilet paper roll.
Your order has shipped.
You're the real hero.
You're the real thief.
You're a real fighter.
You're a real wizard.
'Twas Thomas who did slay the dragon.
All states are illegitimate.
Red is kind of sus.
Lone lions, alas, always end up being hunted and haggard.
How could real fighters allow themselves to be robbed by hyenas in 62'?
Lone lions, alas, always end up being hunted and haggard. How did the Kabyles manage to allow themselves to be despoiled by the hyenas in 62'?
They're non-GMO.
They're organic.
They're vegan.
They're gluten-free.
The cookies are vegan.
The cookies are gluten-free.
The cookies are kosher.
The cookies are parve.
How did the true fighters manage to allow themselves to be skinned by hyenas in 62'?
They found out Tom was the werewolf.
I love this world.
I don't love this world.
Tom's a dangerous man.
I left my purse at your parents' house.
I don't hate this world.
God, that's awful.
Your own health is also important.
Maybe I misunderstood what he said.
I'm just telling that.
I'm just calling it like I see it.
Our mountains have been trying to tell history to dusty towns for a long time, my friend.
"I'm not a politician," said the politician.
May the devil take me!
"Where nobody knows you, you are only worth the costume you wear," said cantor Matoub Lounes.
As Abraham Lincoln once said, "Assume any unsourced quote is fake."
The day I reach out to you, don't prepare your elbow.
I love the flavor of Italian dolce vita!
Wear a mask.
Excuse me if my sentence is crooked.
Well, in Kabyle, I am not strong. It's more in French that I prefer to indulge in puns, a little in English too.
God shave the queen!
Where did you find this beautiful baby?
Intelligence is a gift; rare are the beneficiaries.
NB. This saying is a bit peremptory.
The wind tore the ridge tile from me.
Hi to those over there ...
Hi to those over there.
"I made up a folk dance." "I don't think it works that way."
My computer is borked.
Tom helped build the Tower of Babel.
Tom was one of the unnamed "sons and daughters" mentioned in Genesis.
Esther giggled.
Yankev giggled.
Is she pregnant?
Honestly, it's a very confusing language.
That's good, though.
I probably butchered that.
I love the mask.
It's absolutely not sustainable.
I must've been confused on that.
I forget who you gave it to.
I was just thinking about it yesterday.
Mental healthcare isn't available to most of the working poor under neoliberalism.
This is a calculated attack by the world's most powerful people on the poor and marginalized.
It worked when I switched to XFCE.
You'll be able to go about your lives knowing that the president is not going to suggest injecting bleach, or retweet conspiracy theories about secret cabals running the world, or retweeting the claim that Navy SEALS didn't actually kill bin Laden. We're not gonna have a president that goes out of his way to insult anybody who he doesn't think is nice enough to him. We won't have a president who threatens people with jail just for criticizing him. That's not normal behavior, Florida.
They apparently have the same accent as the Tuaregs, with the same emphatic intonations (warm voices). Igwanciyen, the Guanches, the only Berbers not to have been Islamized. To meditate...
The kitten is sleeping between my legs.
The Guanches, Igwanciyen, have apparently the same accent as the Tuaregs, with the same emphatic intonations of their warm voices.
Igwanciyen, the Guanches, the only Berbers who have not been Islamized. Something to think about...
That was an accident.
Most of the Dead Sea Scrolls are in Hebrew.
The Dead Sea Scrolls show a smooth transition between late Biblical Hebrew and Mishnaic Hebrew.
I had no idea anyone said it any other way.
I'm such a dork.
I'm connected to the USA via a VPN web. The Russians may therefore know everything I'm writing. Wow!
I've always lived in someone else's home.
It's no longer possible to ignore them.
Nothing beats snuggling with a cat.
All babies are cute.
That's not really true, though.
That's not really true, though, is it?
I know them well; you can trust them.
You'll be stronger together.
The legends are wrong.
They will tear you to pieces!
They continued to meet on a regular basis.
They met on a regular basis.
They met regularly.
They continued to meet regularly.
They stopped meeting regularly.
You're alive!
Forty-seven percent of transgender people have been sexually assaulted at some point in their lives.
I believed God was constantly talking to me.
I believed everything around me was a sign of some divine mission.
My cat is loafing at the end of the bed.
Everything bad is equally bad.
Only one thing can be bad at a time.
I am connected to the United States via a web VPN. So the Russians can therefore know everything that I'm writing. Wow!
Of course he's still the same fascist he's always been.
It's not worth it, Tom.
What happens?
Say, you who point your finger at the moon, are you really serious?
Say, you who point your finger at the moon, do you think it serious?
Google-Translating your website and making it searchable is a crime against humanity.
This was a poem.
"My chest is about to burst!" "Me too, my lungs are full..."
“My chest is about to burst. My lungs are full." "Me too, hey, they're saturated."
The tree said to an ax: "Have mercy, stop killing me!" "My handle is from you," replied the ax. "Woe is me! Then go on, since I gave you my hand!"
"What is that weakling that you put on the picture?" replied Ssinistri.
It's not our fault they did that.
Azure blue, green, yellow, let's add the red aza, here is the Amazigh flag!
"I want to embody evil so that no one carries me on his back", goes a Kabyle saying.
Tie me up.
They're doing a pagan ritual in the backyard.
Mary and Alice are pagan.
Alice is Mary's wife.
Mary is Alice's wife.
The cats are upset.
It's a pain.
There's no one named Tom around here.
There's no one named Tom around these parts.
Tom literally threw the book at John.
Tom is a goat.
The goat's name is Tom.
Tom was a zombie.
Tom was a ghost.
Tom was a vampire.
Tom was a werewolf.
Tom dressed up as a princess for Halloween.
You don't need an excuse, Tom; you can just do it.
I live in a haunted house.
Tom lives in a haunted house.
Tom is haunted by Mary's ghost.
Everyone who spends the night here dies.
No one ever leaves that castle.
We've all been dead for centuries.
The ghosts of the extinct human race are doomed to repeat their final year over and over, and only Tom is aware of this.
Tom is a necromancer.
This house is haunted by Tom's ghost.
That house is haunted by Tom's ghost.
Get him out. Try not to hurt him. If you do, I'll defend you in court. Don't worry about it.
I love Texas!
You smell like campfire.
“This year will be amazing. Far better than the coming year, ”said Lounis Ait-Mengellat LAM.
Open the frame in a new tab.
I set a collared trap.
I set a snare trap.
Even the toponym Tunis, Tunes, comes from the verb ens [NS]: Tunes is the soldiers' night camp. It's like you say.
Tom smells like campfire.
That cider is incredible.
I've never tasted anything like it.
It's snowing; welcome to November!
The line is about 25 minutes long.
There was only one candidate running for the office unopposed, so I wrote in our cat.
The wind was brutal.
I had to hold my umbrella with both hands.
Send her my love.
Send him my love.
Send them my love.
Take your meds.
Don't have a fit!
Tom can go to any country and pick up the language.
I'm not a fan of that band anymore.
I'd love to have a ferret.
You don't know if you want it.
You want it, without wanting it.
What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-na!
The other said to him: "You're fake news", in so-called English. And he became president.
I really love coffee.
I love kittens.
P, B, and M are bilabial consonants.
Don't feed this cat.
Today's a self-care day.
Are centipedes poisonous to cats?
The cat's name is Tom and the dog's name is Mary.
The cat's name is Mary and the dog's name is Tom.
My cat doesn't like it when I speak Klingon.
Tom and Mary always meow at each other.
I didn't know Tom was a furry.
Language isn't perfectly logical.
That's not a knife.
Kittens are very powerful.
You don't have an inalienable right to spread disease.
That's not for kitties!
That's not a kitty toy!
You know, it's funny, sometimes American journalists talk about how bad a country is, that people are lining up for food. That is a good thing! In other countries people don't line up for food: the rich get the food and the poor starve to death.
Doesn't the adage say: "Since the villagers love their donkey, we must hurry to bring him food!"
Tom is an antidisestablishmentarian.
Tom is a disestablishmentarian.
I don't drink much pop.
The Nazis systematically murdered 11 million people.
Reality is often counterintuitive.
Lenin is not comparable to any revolutionary figure in history. Revolutionaries have had ideals. Lenin has none.
Millions of human beings have laboured to create this civilization on which we pride ourselves today. Other millions, scattered through the globe, labour to maintain it. Without them nothing would be left in fifty years but ruins.
The kitten mewed.
They weren't great people.
This Noria will really go far away and her voice, warm and bewitching even further than her. Beyond the message of compassion and sympathy addressed to the Matoub family, ... it has surely already started to arouse vocations in our little girls and young boys choristers, why not?
All that is good is iron. Everything else is fennel.
It's like someone who thinks fennel is iron.
You asked me.
The dogs barked.
Let's be happy!
What happiness!
The Kochs aren't Jewish.
Drink me.
It's a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
The flycatcher has ravaged the flies.
It was in the hollow of the rock that I kept watch.
I kept watch in the hollow of the rock.
In the novel "The poor man's son", Mouloud Feraoun used the first name of "Fouroulou" whose root comes from the verb "ffer" (to hide).
Some have found it. Some yawn. Others have nothing to do with it. And others have had it!
I love hedgehogs.
An incurable disease, self-hatred.
He ate poison elsewhere.
He was poisoned elsewhere.
Clean the litter box twice a day.
We need more kitty litter.
The plowing is according to the furrow; the harvest, rather at random.
The tree said to an ax: "Have mercy on me! You are killing me!" "My handle is made from you," replied the ax. "Woe is me!" answered the tree. "Then strike, since I gave you my hand!"
You can't use too much garlic.
There's no such thing as too much garlic.
Too little salt is better than too much.
No salt is better than too much.
There's way too much pepper in this.
I wish we didn't live in a society.
Humans are just very weird sponges.
I don't think Tom is a cat.
I don't think Tom is royalty.
I think Tom is a cat.
I think Tom is royalty.
Tom thinks he's royalty.
Tom thinks he's a cat.
I think you took too much of that cough medicine.
The fried zucchini was delicious.
The pears aren't quite ripe yet.
The new episode was great.
History is a story that attempts to be true.
History is based on a true story.
Tom ate my salad.
There are a lot of pictures on the Internet of Mary laughing alone with salad.
I can't eat that salad dressing.
Don't use that salad dressing. I should've thrown it out.
I've got to do something with this eggplant.
I've got to do something with these radishes.
The cucumber was delicious.
Tom can still win.
I heard a very creepy synthetic voice.
Tom is royalty.
Tom thinks he's a knight.
Tom ate his own shoe.
Tom doesn't like soup.
Tom hasn't read any of the books on his shelf.
Tom's no saint.
The Dutch word "gabber" comes from Hebrew via Yiddish.
Your brother is waiting for you, Charles.
Tom joined a cult.
Tom is a Satanist.
Tom is a pagan.
Tom is a sun worshiper.
Tom is a cat worshiper.
Tom is an Earth worshiper.
Tom is a moon worshiper.
Tom is a nature worshiper.
Good kitty!
The beans were delicious.
Reasoning and science lay bare legends.
I already thought as much.
Tom's very careful.
The good news is, we've created a bot with human-level intelligence. The bad news is, it's wrong about everything.
People are prone to believe disparaging lies about people they don't like.
Just because a comment is negative doesn't mean it's true.
I don't think all of the alcohol in this dish burned off.
I don't think all of the alcohol in this sauce burned off.
The eggplant was great.
I didn't know you could just eat radishes whole.
Tom is a known fascist.
Seeing the worst in everything doesn't make you smart.
Seeing only the worst in yourself doesn't make you right.
I was there last year.
I was here last year.
They could be relatives.
That last part goes without saying.
I think it's my favorite.
That was definitely one of the funniest.
I just watched a bunch of those videos.
They were asking to speak to someone named Carol.
I need to figure out how to do more.
Severe trauma makes things difficult.
You never quite know how someone's going to use any form of mutual aid, but there's something radical in just giving people things with no strings attached.
Give what you can and take what you need.
The Ottoman Empire decriminalized homosexuality in 1858.
The Cuban revolution came in response to ruthless exploitation by American capitalists.
It's not the demon American propaganda wants to make it out to be.
Lenin legalized abortion and homosexuality, but Stalin criminalized them again.
I suppose you could say we came out of the fire, into the frying pan.
A Chabad rabbi, Abraham Chen, saw Peter Kropotkin as a tsadik.
They're making a biopic about Tom.
You don't owe someone like that anything.
I never said I was a good Jew.
O time when the storm rumbled in vain, without raining for two years.
"I looked in vain for my chance, believing to find it in the trade; it closed the door in my face and put the key in its pocket", said the emeritus artist late Taleb Rabah in his song "The luck".
Fuck civility.
Mazal tov!
"If you trip, you'll fall down. And if you fall down, that will be your downfall", said Arnaud Vannay.
That seems excessive.
Brands are for capitalists.
Cats are weird.
Humans are weird.
Well, in Kabyle, I am not so strong. It's much more in French that I prefer to indulge in puns, a little in English too.
I don't find that idea the least bit comforting.
It's way too windy.
That cat acts like he's starving.
Tom is a pensioner.
They'd like to keep that to themself.
I'm not a furry!
Tom was diagnosed with ASD in 2013.
It's beyond bourgeois.
Tom's supposed to be good at Fortran.
My cat doesn't pay me.
Tom has a migraine.
Sawflies are related to ants, bees, and wasps.
The press conference turned out to be a non-event.
It was fab.
Tom's a reactionary.
Tom is a sophist.
Tom is an imperialist.
Tom lives in a French-speaking community called Boston in Australia.
We happen to see a mongoose crossing the road. Its tail is bushy and its coat is grayish.
Why are clementines so addictive?
What's my IP?
What's my IP address?
Tom never calls when he says he will.
This way, I agree with you!
I was in another universe at the time.
I think Tom's in space right now.
On that, I agree with you!
My hands are literally tied right now.
"I'm literally tied up at the moment; can I call you later?" "That's a bit too much information, but sure!"
The match was a non-event.
Are those sawflies?
In a place like this, you have to get your own back.
The empire subjugated the neighboring peoples.
The people were subjugated by a vast empire.
Tom's argument was unsound.
Hopefully this will set the stage for a better future.
I should have gone to a state school so I wouldn't have ended up as deep in debt.
Tom's a member of my health club.
I didn't know Tom was an ancom.
I love Neo-Aramaic languages.
I woke up with cat whiskers in my face.
Tom is wearing a miniskirt.
The cat purred in Esther's lap.
Make sure you turn off the portal after you leave or enter the pocket universe.
Tom plays with dolls.
Mary volunteers as a rape counselor.
I was born in a small town.
Tom's face turned into a thousand hornets.
Nibble and gnaw like a mouse!
I'm becoming a crazy cat lady.
Try not to give the game away.
That's uncharacteristic of Tom.
My reading group voted to disband.
Tom went to an elite preparatory school.
In Esperanto, the word "ĉu" serves mainly as a question tag.
Tom spent all night in the pokey.
We can't afford to lose ground right now.
In softball, the ball is pitched underhand.
You're going to need to learn to fend for yourself.
Tom is often accused of duplicity.
I can barely scrape by on what I'm making now.
Tom's dad was in the IRA.
Tom is writing an alternative history where the Carthaginians won the Punic Wars.
That corset doesn't fit me anymore.
Can you help me with this corset?
I can fend for myself, Tom.
I make just enough to scrape by.
Tom speaks French with an Australian accent.
Tom lives uptown.
My doctor says the hives are probably caused by the dish soap I'm using.
There's no need to gang up on Tom just because he didn't understand the situation.
It's not an anabolic steroid, but a corticosteroid.
Mary's good at math.
The con artist victimizes elderly pensioners.
You better cough up the money, or else.
That cult victimizes people who are down on their luck and desperate.
We're going to press ahead despite everything.
An anarchist sent me an old netbook.
"Man is a bridge, not an end," said Friedrich Nietzsche.
Was Mozart born in Australia?
If something could change, what would you want it to be?
The emancipation of the working class is the work of the working class itself.
Heroin is the opium of the masses.
Just because a thought is negative doesn't mean it's true.
Tom can be so rude.
A civilization advanced enough to have developed interstellar travel must be communist.
The moon doesn't exist.
You believe in the moon?
You're a cat.
You're a cat. You're not supposed to drink coffee.
Kittens don't wear mittens.
Science is real.
You can't live on Jupiter.
You made that up.
Try listening to a book to distract yourself.
There are more of these, aren't there?
Please do your research.
Thank you so much for understanding.
Thank you for your thoughtful and compassionate response.
Unfortunately, I can't help at the moment.
The book is in the public domain.
I don't think your posts are spammy.
I wouldn't care either way.
I'm still living in poverty.
All of that sounds great to me!
I think a lot of people would get a lot of use out of that.
I'm not sure if you're interested, but I translated your article into French.
The flight to Georgia took longer than expected, and when I got there, everyone was speaking a different language.
I have been waiting for Ali Bilek for a long time to follow me on Tatoeba.org and translate my Kabyle sentences into English.
LOL: Laughing out loud!
Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in modern history.
President Trump dangled this pardon to encourage Flynn to backtrack on his pledge to cooperate with federal investigators—cooperation that might have exposed the President's own wrongdoing. And it worked.
This pardon is undeserved, unprincipled, and one more stain on President Trump's rapidly diminishing legacy.
Americans soundly rejected this nonsense when they voted out President Trump.
I don't even know where Boston is.
I don't even know where that is, Boston.
I don't live in Boston either.
My name isn't even Tom.
My name isn't Tom either.
I don't even live in Boston.
I've never even met anyone from Boston.
I've never met anyone from Boston.
I've never met anyone from Boston before.
Tom and Mary live in Boston, South Australia.
Tom teaches French in Boston, South Australia.
Tom converted to Judaism.
Alexa is a cop.
I also noticed that and found it funny.
Not you, Tom. Another Tom.
He's right-wing in the extreme.
No one should have to experience that.
He found his brother, dead for two weeks, when he went to stop by and see how he was doing.
Boston is in South Australia, I think.
Happy Buy Nothing Day!
George R. R. Martin has said that Donald Trump reminds him most of his character Joffrey, the child king.
I haven't seen a traveller's cheque in years.
Tom's a real closet case.
Tom is a freegan.
It's time to neuter the cat.
There are no high-resolution images of this mysterious "Tom" figure.
It's a moot point.
Tom called the crisis helpline.
Many Jews believe the phrase "it is not in heaven" to be an expression of theistic humanism.
It's wild how we have handheld devices more powerful than the room-sized computers of the past.
It's not freeware.
Gargle with saltwater to relieve the pain of a sore throat.
Finally, some new blood.
We need new blood to rejuvenate our country.
Tom thinks he's the Messiah.
The real Jews are the Jews.
Tom's hedgehog is so cute!
Tom's parrot speaks 387 languages.
We're all just figments of Tom's imagination.
Tom's on TV!
Tom is working on a pilot for a TV series.
In the beginning, Tom created the heavens and the earth.
Tom's parrot really only speaks 30 languages.
At no point did Jews disappear from the historical record; our continuous existence from antiquity to the present is a documented fact.
I'd like one of everything, please.
I'd like one of each, please.
Are there gay fish?
Tom's out of surgery and seems to be doing OK.
I thought you quit drinking, Tom.
Is Meat Loaf dead?
I had to look it up myself, to be honest.
Why don't I make potatoes more often?
Why don't I make potatoes more often? Because potatoes are a pain. They take forever.
I had those once.
What am I going to do with three squashes?
Somehow I got Irn-Bru confused with Buckfast.
That looks delicious.
Bananas are ridiculously cheap.
Tom is obsessed with Mary.
Mary has Hashimoto's.
I should think about those more.
I might make one of those this week.
I wonder if they have them.
I wonder if they have those.
There's no need to apologize at all.
We haven't seen our other partner all year.
You can't live on Venus.
The border is closed indefinitely.
What if Venus used to be like Earth?
The Democrats lost seats in the House.
Tom wouldn't do that for free.
Tom would do that for free.
Tom is paying me under the table.
Can you feed the cats while we're away?
Can you feed the cats and clean the litter boxes while we're away?
Everyone needs something like that.
In the beginning, Tom created Boston and Australia.
Biden gained 132 votes in the Wisconsin recount.
My cat Tom looked up at me as I was talking to my partner about someone named Tom. I had to tell him, "Not you, Tom. Other Tom."
Please limit your shitposting.
I will never limit my shitposting.
Does anyone else feel hot?
Do you feel hot?
Tom wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom for the recipe, but he said it was a secret.
Sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
Did he drop any good loot?
Cats can have a little salami.
Epstein didn't kill himself.
Tom isn't gay, I don't think.
Tom isn't straight, I don't think.
Tom isn't bi, I don't think.
Tom isn't trans, I don't think.
Add an olive.
Cut the butternut squash into one-inch cubes.
That guinea pig is so cute.
What's that robotic voice?
I don't think I agree.
Mary groaned at another of Tom's dad jokes.
It's nothing but a PR trick.
Mary thinks Tom is boring.
I think I might have seen a communist.
Someone left their phone on the table.
Apparently he's been doing that all year.
Can you delete my account?
I'm really sorry to hear.
I think that's the best thing to do.
Hey, are you alright?
It doesn't say on your website.
Any update on this?
Here's what I found on their website.
We should try to meet another time.
I'll put your number in my phone and send you a text.
I would like to participate.
I've got a terrible cough.
Is the Illuminati an Illuminati front?
Dissent has become a commodity.
We ended up on Mars.
I might have COVID again.
I might have COVID.
Tom has COVID.
Tom didn't do the reading.
Tom's cat is a calico.
Mr. Jackson is paying me under the table.
Tom is a shady character.
One of these potatoes was definitely bad.
Both admit to hitting each other.
Maybe I'm a perfectionist, but we could certainly do better.
He's a Sephardi Jew.
There's no comparison.
There are too many warriors.
Tom's band is on an indefinite hiatus.
The community is insular but harmless.
Tom's plans were finally coming to fruition.
Tom described the assault in an affidavit.
Now remember, our variable is still undefined.
You're such a silly kitty!
Tom has his own private island.
Those people are wrong.
Most of my sentences are unrelated to anything here.
I would love if the tapes could be made available.
Tom has hypertension.
Tom is taking an atypical antipsychotic.
In America it's taken as axiomatic that only children can learn languages.
The security system scanned Tom's retina.
The result of dividing any number by zero is undefined.
I still don't know how to create a MediaWiki template.
Martin Luther's antisemitic rant "On the Jews and Their Lies" helped create the template for the Nazis.
At least be honest.
Abolish the carceral state.
He's a Yemenite Jew.
Tom thinks he's the Prince of Wales.
I admire Tom's altruism.
Remember to clean up your workstation.
Tom got straight As.
Tom's got some dank nugs.
It was an overt provocation.
I don't consider Tom my friend.
I never leave home without Tom.
I call my knife "Tom."
Where am I right now?
How many grams are there in a pound?
Not enough sentences involve Sherlock Holmes, a public domain character.
Tom met up with Sherlock Holmes on a space station orbiting Jupiter.
Tom's old enough to know better.
Can God create a stone too heavy for Him to lift?
You claimed you were drunk at the time.
Tom is allegedly sober now.
Tom took care of John's cat while he was in prison.
The kittens chased each other around the apartment.
The kitten stood on Esther to wake her up.
Facebook is so 2005.
A homophobic Hungarian politician was caught at a 25-man orgy.
How do you register to vote?
When is Mother's Day?
When is Father's Day?
When is Hanukkah this year?
It depends on how hungry you are.
The squash was delicious.
A standard byte is eight bits.
A typical byte is eight bits, meaning eight 1s and 0s.
Have you seen the plunger?
How's the nightlife in Boston?
In fourth grade we dissected crayfish.
A simile is like a bridge.
Did Tom and Mary find a sitter for John?
M, B, and P are bilabial consonants.
In English, consonantal Y is a palatal approximant.
Esperanto has an excellent derivation system.
Some people find derivation to be more logical and regular in Ido than in Esperanto.
Tom moonlights as a hacktivist.
Tom's wireless internet went out as soon as he mentioned the conspiracy.
Tom hopes the Green New Deal will be passed so he can get a nice green job.
Cats are non-Newtonian fluids.
You don't have the key to this door.
Esther punched a Nazi.
Kabylia will soon be an independent country.
Kabylia is a democratic and secular country.
The President of the Kabyle Provisional Government is Mr Ferhat Mehenni.
In Kabylia, man and woman are equal.
The first singer who sang the independence of Kabylia is Matoub Lounès.
The Kabyle State is preparing its educational system inspired by the great countries of the world.
The Kabyle state is in the process of creating its own constitution.
The Kabyle state has its own parliament using the conference vision.
Kabyle red "Aza" is the equivalent of the red cross.
The Kabyle people are a peaceful people.
The Kabyle people want their independence.
The Kabyle people speak only Kabyle but the Algerian law enforcement forces impose the Arabic language on them with racist remarks.
The Kabyle people no longer want to be dominated by Arab-Islamic colonialism.
The great powers of the world prefer to help the dictatorships than the oppressed people as is the case of the Kabyle people.
The Kabyle people will not give up in order to recover their freedom and their honor.
The Kabyle people are aware that they are colonized by a deadly Arab-Islamic ideology.
The Kabyle people only aspire to their freedom.
Before the existence of Algeria, which is a French colonial creation, Kabylia was an independent country.
The Kabyle people don't want to impose anything on anyone, unlike the Algerian colonial state which imposes its Arab-Islamic ideology by weapons and corruption.
My cat says hi.
All Algerian leaders have assets abroad, residences, bank accounts and even foreign passports while they use Algerian nationalism which is artificial against the Kabyle people who are accused of all the evils that Algeria is suffering.
Do you really think someone would do that?
Would Tom really do something like that?
Tom says hi.
Algeria has ratified the Treaty on the Right of Peoples to Self-Determination, which supports, on the one hand, Palestine and Western Sahara only because they are so-called Arab-Islamic States, but on the other hand, assassinates any Kabyle opponent who aspires to the independence of Kabylia.
While the Kabyle people were fighting French colonialism in the 1940s and 1950s, the Algerians said: "What is the Kabyle problem with France?" Then, after the independence of Algeria, the roles were reversed by the fake Algerian media. The Kabyles have become "Zouaves" and the Algerian Arabs heroes who liberated Algeria. But statistics and historical documents are there to testify to the historical truth.
The Kabyle people don't like to complain too much but like to tell the truth, it is their motto.
Algeria is not only against the State of Israel but against any Jewish entity. Of course Algeria hates not only Kabyles but everything that constitutes a smell of Kabylity.
Dictatorship breeds dictatorship.
How do I make pancakes?
How do you make pancakes?
I still talk to him fairly regularly.
I saw your boyfriend kissing Tom.
Tom is a wolf.
What's in the news today?
What's in the news?
What's the temperature in Celsius?
I fell asleep for a few hours.
We love you, Tom.
Historical materialism is a pseudoscience.
Psychoanalysis is a pseudoscience.
The Finnish and Faroese flags look too much alike.
Tom is such a kvetch.
How much is 300 euros in dollars?
How much is 300 euros in U.S. dollars?
How much is 300 euros in Canadian dollars?
Malka's fursona is a cat.
Journalism should at least be a little biased.
Tom's a sexy man.
Hebrew and Phoenician belong to the Canaanite branch of the Northwest Semitic languages.
I removed the tag "simple past," which seemed inappropriate.
It's come to be viewed as an alternate spelling.
It wasn't a serious request.
It isn't a serious request.
I've changed the French sentence. Please check the translation.
This is a phenomenon that has repeated itself many times throughout history.
Contrary to popular legend, the four letters on the dreidel stand for the Yiddish words "gants" (all), "halb" (half), "shtel ayn" (put in), and "nisht" (not).
Both socialism and communism predate Karl Marx.
Tom lives in a dingy Boston apartment.
Tom is a testy fellow.
Tom gave me this necklace as a memento.
I don't believe in hypnosis.
Lost sleep has a cumulative effect, I've been told.
I thought Tom's poem was really poignant.
Our objective is twofold.
My brain isn't doing great today.
Can cats have sweet potato?
What's Area 51?
Why do cats knead?
In the most bombastic manner we call this the "richest nation on earth," and boast of our "untold millions of surplus products," while in fact we are always within a few months of starvation and nakedness.
Tom is testy and truculent.
This mousepad is a vestige of a bygone era.
Donald Trump is so much worse than James Buchanan.
It wasn't properly tested.
It was politicized.
Why should anyone trust it?
What time is it in London?
Where is my refund?
I support copyright infringement.
Infringe copyrights.
How old is Donald Trump?
How old is Joe Biden?
What is a verb?
Can dogs eat bananas?
Can cats eat bananas?
Tom bought his car at a forfeiture auction.
The aliens embed themselves in tinfoil and take over the mind of anyone who wraps it around their head.
I ran setup and then the whole thing crashed.
Tom is the only one wearing a beret.
It may be uncouth, but I love to eat peanut butter out of a jar with a spoon.
To embed this video, copy and paste the following HTML code onto your webpage.
I most certainly was not born in Boston.
Today is an auspicious day.
I hear Tom is a juicer.
How did they get that poodle to keep a beret on its head long enough for a picture?
The latest variation of the classic tinfoil hat is the tinfoil beret.
Where is Beirut?
Where is Lebanon?
It is impossible to care about more than one thing at a time.
Malka converted to Christianity.
Where is Algeria?
Where is Kabylia?
I've always loved elephants.
Tom's cat is a tabby.
Oh wow, it's already Friday.
In fifth grade we dissected frogs.
A photon is its own antiparticle.
I was never any good at dissecting, and I didn't like it, either.
Isn't Tom dead?
Algeria is only a neighbouring country to Kabylia.
Algeria has been a country bordering Kabylia for a long time.
It is not only misery, corruption and Third Worldism that has led the Kabyles to want the independence of Kabylia, but it is the total difference with the other Algerians on all levels, political, mystical, linguistic, philosophical, legal, moral, cultural and civilizational. And this last one is irremediable!
An Algerian is not a Kabyle and the opposite is true. Hence the hatred of the Algerians towards the Kabyles, and this will never change as long as the Kabyle is Kabyle.
It is only with the English language that the Kabyles could be heard by all the peoples of the world. The French language is beautiful and useful but it is also a trap!
Even with the democratization of the whole of Algeria, Kabyle people will always be a hated minority.
The Algerian is obsessed with the East and its deadly ideologies, while the Kabyle has a free and reasonable mind.
When the Algerian wants to build mosques all over the world, the Kabyle seeks to integrate.
When an Algerian wants to find work in France he pretends to be a Kabyle while hating him with all his guts.
The Kabyles will take their independence just as the Americans took theirs from the British!
The Kabyles will take their independence just as the French took theirs from the Germans! And why not?
Why did the Americans take their independence from the British and not the Kabyles?
Why did the French take their independence from the Germans and not the Kabyles?
Are there great peoples and small peoples?
Tom's room is a pigsty.
Tom fell out the window.
When the Americans were colonized by the British Kingdom, the Kabyles were independent! Twist of fate, would you say?
The Americans recognize the State of Israel and will soon recognize the existence of the Kabyle State.
There will soon be a Kabyle embassy in Morocco, then another in Israel.
Israel and the Moroccan kingdom support the Kabyles for their independence.
Long life to the State of Israel, the land blessed by God and the prophets.
There are more than two million Kabyle immigrants in France, but the French state chose to teach Arabic at school because it, like many countries, supports petro-dollars. Though this deadly policy will soon be over.
Israel and Morocco are major actors for peace in the Middle East.
Natanyahu is a great President.
It is enough to read the curriculum of President Natanyahu to realize his genius and his humanism.
It is not the clowns of pseudo-Arab-Muslim presidents who will criticize the great President Natanyahu! It would be the joke of the century!
The Arab-Muslim countries are the last in the world in all fields, but the first to make criticisms by pouring their hatred and whining against the whole planet!
The Arab-Muslim countries neither support Palestine nor Western Sahara by humanism, it is because they are Arab-Muslims. Why then would they not support Western countries when it comes to terrorist acts? Why would they not support Asian, African or South American countries?
Do you feel bad if you haven't gotten any work done by the end of the day?
Tom's hedgehog had babies.
The strong interaction binds quarks into nucleons and nucleons to each other.
We have nothing more to teach you.
"We have nothing more to teach you," said the mushrooms.
Tom lives in a secret lair underground.
Tom lives on the moon.
Tom isn't a very good name for a wizard.
I don't think that's such a good idea, Tom.
Spanish and Italian are very similar.
People lie on the Internet.
Yiddish and Ladino both have the occasional non-Hebrew word whose plural ends in -im.
It's one of the shows I've been meaning to watch.
It's one of the shows I've been meaning to watch with Tom.
I can't figure out how to do it.
We're not just like you.
Difference is good.
How do you make hand sanitizer?
What's a pandemic?
I can't describe it.
Your puppy is so cute!
I dislike attention.
Modern Greek and Tsakonian are Hellenic languages.
Rumors of Tom's death have been greatly exaggerated.
I'm nauseous.
You're not making any sense, Tom.
Tom, you're not making any sense.
I'm the president of the United States. Don't ever talk to the president that way.
There is debate as to the origin of Yiddish, with the classic model suggesting a Rhineland origin and a current model suggesting a Bavarian origin.
Yiddish clearly has features characteristic of Austro-Bavarian.
I love chickpeas.
Kabylia has its own parliament.
Kabylia is part of the UNPO, the organization of nations without states.
Kabylia has its own flag, its national anthem and its own constitution.
How many Kabyle people are there in France?
The Kabyle diaspora is doing everything to help Kabylia.
All Kabyle scientists support the project for the independence of Kabylia.
Kabylia is represented all over the world.
Mohand Georges Iguerbouchène is the first Kabyle composer of classical music.
Kabylia will only be at peace once it is independent.
Kabylia covers several provinces: Tizi Ouzou and Bejaia, part of Bouira and parts of the city of Boumerdes, Jijel, Setif and Bordj Bou Arreridj. Gouraya National Park and Djurdjura National Park are also located in Kabylia.
During the Regency of Algiers, most of Kabylia was independent. Kabylia was split into two main kingdoms, the Kingdom of Koukou in modern Tizi Ouzou, and the Kingdom of Ait Abbas in modern Béjaïa.
The Kabylia football team is the team representing the Kabyle people, who live in Kabylia. They are not affiliated with FIFA or CAF, and therefore cannot compete for the FIFA World Cup or the Africa Cup of Nations.
Kabylia has played in the 2018 CONIFA World Football Cup qualification.
Every year, during the fasting, heated confrontations and arrests take place across the Kabyle country. Where everyone who frees themselves from the religious practice faces repression by the government, which relays the fundamentalists' demands in order to buy their peace.
The president of the Amazigh World Congress, an "international NGO that defends and promotes the individual and collective rights of the Berbers" was summoned and interrogated for two hours by the Algerian police about its activities and reports of violations of human rights in Kabylia.
In Algerian schools, children are taught how to cut the throat of a sheep and how to wash the dead. Of course no mixing between boys and girls is allowed. The Kabyles have been fighting this scourge for a long time but without any success.
The Kabyle people who want a secular state and a scientific education are hated by the Algerians who, for their part, want an Islamic and therefore Arab state at all costs! Finally, to make two diametrically opposed peoples live together is an absurdity without name and an unforgivable crime!
All the peoples of the world don't give a damn about the problems of Kabylia, it's up to the Kabyle people to solve their own problems.
Friends of the Kabyle people are welcome in Kabylia who will never forget them.
Where's my stimulus money?
How do you write this drivel?
I'm not an expert on bovine anatomy, but I think they have four stomachs.
The glottis separates the upper and lower respiratory tracts.
Tom didn't expect Mary to rebuff his advance.
Mary continued to rebuff Tom's advances.
Tom convinced the judge to nullify the contract.
Tom's dreams faded into nothingness.
It may be true, but it's hardly axiomatic.
It's too cold to support human life.
I think I might be gay.
Good morning, Tatoeba.
The Yiddish verb "leyenen," meaning "to read," is of Romance origin.
I think less of Tom now.
The man in the background is my grandfather, and my father is in the foreground.
Our mission is to redefine what it means to write mission statements.
You can't just redefine words and expect people to know what you mean.
After a few minutes I thought I heard an indistinct murmuring.
In the Middle Ages, Jews were blamed for the Black Death.
Tom made a creamy vegan pasta sauce.
Tom went out to canvass for Mary's campaign.
I can't keep up with all this.
I can't keep up with everything that's happening.
This is blasphemy!
By agreeing to integrate the "Tamazight language" into its educational system, the perfidious and calculating Algerian state wants to annihilate the Kabyle language by creating a diglossia which will in turn create serious learning problems and cross-comprehension issues. Because this "Tamazight language" is full of neologisms, in addition to being an absurd mixture of several Berber languages, that often have no meaning and has no connection with the sociolinguistic reality for all Berbers. In the end, they all lose out.
Does Tom like Brussels sprouts?
Stop playing devil's advocate, Tom.
Stop playing devil's advocate.
In Kabyle, truth is a singular word. Truth is unique; it has no plural.
It's probably just the weather.
People are always going to talk.
In Iran, we do not have homosexuals like in your country.
We feel isolated.
Should I get a tattoo?
Tom is arguing in bad faith.
"I'm hungry." "Hi, Hungry! I'm Dad!"
I live in my cat's house.
I live in my cats' house.
"Tom's losing his mind." "You can't lose what you never had."
Tom's losing his mind.
Corporations don't have rights.
Prices depend on what people will pay.
It's talking to me.
Sometimes I think Tom lives here.
Sometimes I think Tom lives at the library.
Sometimes I think Tom lives at the museum.
Sometimes I think Tom enjoys learning French.
Alienation is the only thing I understand about Marxism.
Tom is an old sea dog.
This apple is for Tom.
Because of this, I left.
You said you weren't scared.
You said you weren't afraid.
You said you were scared.
You said you were afraid.
I'm not required to do that.
I don't want to become a lawyer.
I went to bed right after dinner.
You don't have a key to this door, do you?
Tom can speak a little French, but he's not fluent.
We thought about that for hours.
Parapsychology is a pseudoscience.
I don't like Tom's new hat.
Tom's new cat doesn't like me.
Why is Tom wearing that hat?
Why is Tom wearing a cape?
Muslims only think about building mosques all over the world but are completely against building churches in their countries of origin. Take a survey and you will be surprised at the result because you are naive!
If you criticize Islam you will be beheaded or punished at the best!
Happy Solstice!
The word "halal" hides a mountain of ideologies.
Do you really think that Islam is a religion of peace? But what is a religion, really?
Algerian Arab-Muslims hate the Jews and the West, but they are ready to unite with Israel, France and the USA to annihilate the sovereignist and secular Kabyles.
Tom's not married.
There's no evidence Hitler was part Jewish.
If that happened, it wouldn't surprise me.
Rosa Luxemburg believed Marxism couldn't work without freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, and general elections.
Rosa Luxemburg believed the Bolsheviks had disenfranchised the working class and handed all power to a Party clique that placed itself above the people.
The working class will acquire the sense of the new discipline, the freely assumed self-discipline of the Social Democracy, not as a result of the discipline imposed on it by the capitalist state, but by extirpating, to the last root, its old habits of obedience and servility.
Long life to the State of Israel and good luck to the Jews.
Granting, as Lenin wants, such absolute powers of a negative character to the top organ of the party, we strengthen, to a dangerous extent, the conservatism inherent in such an organ.
It is difficult to have neighbors who wish you disappeared, as is the case of the Israelis and Kabyles who are surrounded by madmen.
All Arab countries want Israel to disappear. Just as all of Algeria thinks only of the annihilation of Kabylia. Two distinct peoples but the same fate!
Historically, the errors committed by a truly revolutionary movement are infinitely more fruitful than the infallibility of the cleverest Central Committee.
Tom ended up in an inescapable situation.
I was intrigued by the pathos in your work.
I believe Mary.
Tom was pulled over and charged with speeding and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Tom's dragon had dragonlings.
What does his husband look like?
What does her wife look like?
It was the best concert I'd ever seen.
If that were true, it would change everything.
The new department will subsume both Tom and Mary's departments.
The risks of such a project would clearly outweigh any putative benefit.
It's made out of polyester and spandex.
Join the Grammar Antifa!
Old English poetry was based on alliteration rather than end rhyme.
I love the cadence of your poem.
We're fighting a war of attrition.
Don't you think that necklace is a bit gaudy?
That's a common reaction.
Is catnip safe for kittens?
Tom and Mary are both huge dorks and it's adorable.
Tom has an encyclopedic knowledge of the X-Men.
Is it not appalling?
Does this look like malice?
Does this look like an accident?
Does this look like confidence?
Don't be that guy.
The pallid moon is waning.
Absolute tolerance is ruinous to a tolerant society.
Do you know how to give yourself an intramuscular injection?
We're all out of tinfoil.
Mary was dauntless in the face of Tom's abuse.
Our roads are in a woeful condition.
Right now, I am busy, Tom.
The butternut squash was to die for!
Would you like more soup?
Would anybody like more soup?
Are you through?
"How do I look?" "I'm definitely gay."
Can Tom actually do that?
Can Tom actually do it?
Why is everyone talking about Tom?
Why's everyone talking about Tom?
Why's everybody talking about Tom?
Why is everybody talking about Tom?
You're not that important, Tom.
"Is everybody talking about me?" "No, Tom. You're not that important."
"Is everyone talking about me?" "No, Tom. You're not that important."
Do those shoes fit?
Tom doesn't have a TV.
Tom and John are a match made in heaven.
Mary and Alice are a match made in heaven.
Mary bent down and kissed me.
How was your Solstice?
Nothing works by magic.
Nothing happens by magic.
Things don't happen by magic.
You've got a good heart.
You're the best dog in the world!
The Algerian army is an army that kills its people.
If the Algerian army is so competent, why shouldn't it confront the Israeli army to liberate Palestine?
The Algerian army is composed of thugs, assassins and corrupt officers from the highest to the lowest ranks.
The Algerian army has always fired on Algerians, killing and wounding tens of thousands of people.
The Algerian Arab and Islamist army is sent only to Kabylia to harm the defenseless Kabyle people.
The Algerian Third World Arab Army is not an army, it's a system that produces assassins and thugs.
Algeria is a Third World country that is sinking deeper and deeper, and is on the brink of civil war.
Algeria is a disappointment for all Algerians who run away from it by makeshift boat every day by tens of thousands.
Algeria is ruled by rapists, thieves, illiterate people, madmen, corrupt people, sexual delinquents, and there are dozens of videos on Youtube that show it.
The Algerian President is being treated in Germany while Algerians are dying in the rotten hospitals of Algeria.
Algeria has built the biggest mosque in the world as Algerians leave the country by boats of fortune and its dignitaries take good care of themselves and spend their holidays abroad.
The Algerian Arab-Islamist Army buys old weapons from Russia by billions of dollars just to kill the Kabyles.
The Algerian Army and the Presidency are involved in serious drug cases but the Algerian justice and police are also complicit.
The baseless conspiracy theories of QAnon are making things harder for people actually devoted to fighting human trafficking.
It's not theoretically possible.
In theory, it's possible.
I've been getting into retrofuturism.
You won't find that here.
It all gives me a headache.
The Algerian Army is dominated by all foreign powers by technological advances, satellites, heavy media, armament, multinational firms, because Algeria, a puppet country, cannot even produce a sewing needle!
No Muslim denounced the attack of September 11, 2001 with a real demonstration.
Muslims hate Western countries, but look forward to their COVID-19 vaccine!
Muslims love only themselves even though they often make war among themselves!
Do you really think that Algeria is a country?
All Algerian presidents are puppets of ignorant and corrupt generals. But both are inbred.
The few Kabyles who are against the independence of Kabylia is more out of fear and cowardice than out of conviction, because who would like to be under the domination of a tyrant or even a tyrannosaurus?
O Kabyle people, there is no freedom without independence, and there is no independence without being free in one’s head!
It's not the 19th century.
That horse can talk.
Do you believe in vampires?
Tom believes in vampires.
I refuse to believe "emoji" is a trademark.
There's enough for everyone, but most of it goes to waste.
We should be prepared for all contingencies.
Tom's just cottoned on to the fact he's single now.
Aye aye, sir.
I hate nightmares.
My mom says hi.
Did Tom move back to Boston?
Tom's gotten so big.
Tom's gotten so tall.
Tom is obsessed with martyrdom.
Tom's ancestor was a member of England's landed gentry.
Tom's explanation didn't mollify Mary.
Christmas is not a secular holiday.
A language is a dialect with an ISO 639-3 code.
Everything is political.
These observations are collected together in Addendum C.
Patients with hypertension should be monitored closely when taking this medication.
Tom had a cameo in Mary's movie.
We're dying of ennui.
I'm fascinated by the evolutionary history of the louse.
Tom is so bombastic.
I don't usually like bombastic music.
Tom's a lumberjack.
Let's say, for the sake of argument, that Tom lives in Chicago and not Boston.
Is she OK?
Be careful not to let the cat out.
Don't touch me there.
Maybe this is who Tom has always been, and he's just showing us now.
We're all a bit eccentric.
If you're not paying for the product, you are the product.
Trotsky was unaligned until 1917.
Trotsky became a Bolshevik in October of 1917.
Let's say, hypothetically, Tom did not live in Boston.
I don't understand what you meant by that.
Tom is so wholesome.
It could've gone differently.
Tom was using a laser pointer to play with his cat.
I think Tom has antisocial personality disorder.
Richard Dawkins just happens to think the best religion is Anglican Christianity.
Tom just happens to think everyone should use the punctuation system of his native language.
Tom just happens to think his birthplace, Boston, is the best city in the world.
Cats are creatures of habit.
The problem with documentaries is people watch them and think they're telling the truth, without verifying the information themselves.
Goodnight, Tatoeba.
"Good night, Tom." "Good night, Mary."
Tom is a fitness influencer.
Don't go away. You're welcome here.
Tom hasn't worked in over a decade.
Intellectual property is intellectual theft.
It's a two-person job.
It's a one-person job.
You won't be of any help; it's a two-person job.
Sometimes both sides are right about each other.
Austrian beaches are the best.
Was Australia the first country annexed by Hitler?
Is Austria really the sixth largest country in the world?
I want to learn Australian German.
I want to learn Austrian English.
Tom? I thought you were dead.
God is a furry.
I don't actually own a fursuit.
What do you think are the problems that underlie your obsession with martyrdom?
Augustus kept only the veneer of the Republic while effectively making himself into a king.
Tom won the tournament, despite being a wild card.
The difference is minuscule at best.
We need fewer pliant journalists, not more.
His gritty, cynical writing is very popular with men between the ages of 18 and 35.
I'm a centrist; I like both dogs and cats.
Tom reflexively apologizes.
One way or another, capitalism will end.
It's OK to be wrong.
What do you need from your parents?
There are 5 balloons in a packet. There are 18 packets in a box. How many balloons are there altogether in a box?
Four children are in a race. Mary is 2 metres ahead of Tom. John is 5 metres behind Alice. Tom is 3 metres behind Alice. Write the names of the runners in order, starting with the child who is furthest ahead.
Mary buys a box of chocolates. For every 2 plain chocolates there are 3 milk chocolates. There are 30 chocolates in the box. How many milk chocolates are there?
We value privacy.
If a for-profit company doesn't charge you for its product, you are the product that is being sold.
"Want to do a shot?" "No, thanks. I'm on medication."
What are viruses?
I know what they are, but why do viruses exist?
Why do viruses exist?
Why does anything exist?
Are you having an existential crisis or just imitating one?
I don't believe in copyright.
Is it true that in Austria, Burger King is called Hungry Jack's?
Tom writes further, "I will be in Boston for a conference on the sixth of June."
Do you know of a good place for electrolysis?
We've been granted only a temporary reprieve.
The problem is perceptual.
"Are we gay?" Tom asked John as he pulled up his pants.
It's inescapable, unfortunately.
Tom's two-door sedan is surprisingly roomy.
Mary married Marie in Maryland.
Trump thinks he's the proverbial 800-pound gorilla.
Trump was caught on tape trying to pressure Georgia's Secretary of State into committing voter fraud on his behalf.
My brain and I tolerate each other.
If we assume the viewpoint claimed as his own by Lenin and we fear the influence of intellectuals in the proletarian movement, we can conceive of no greater danger to the Russian party than Lenin's plan of organization.
The so-called "Berber Language" is the sister of Esperanto because the two mix several existing languages. But Esperanto is not imposed on speakers unlike the so-called "Berber Language".
Leonard Nimoy was a native Yiddish speaker.
Copyright is theft.
Tom and Mary met at a furry convention.
Hannah and Malka met at an Esperanto congress.
Ruth and Beyle met at a congress of Esperanto-speaking furries.
Tom ate my shoe.
There's a very fine line between genius and insanity.
Tom and I go way back.
Me and Tom go way back.
In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since.
"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one," he told me, "just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had."
He didn't say any more, but we've always been unusually communicative in a reserved way, and I understood that he meant a great deal more than that.
In consequence, I'm inclined to reserve all judgments, a habit that has opened up many curious natures to me and also made me the victim of not a few veteran bores.
The abnormal mind is quick to detect and attach itself to this quality when it appears in a normal person, and so it came about that in college I was unjustly accused of being a politician, because I was privy to the secret griefs of wild, unknown men.
Most of the confidences were unsought — frequently I have feigned sleep, preoccupation, or a hostile levity when I realized by some unmistakable sign that an intimate revelation was quivering on the horizon; for the intimate revelations of young men, or at least the terms in which they express them, are usually plagiaristic and marred by obvious suppressions.
Reserving judgments is a matter of infinite hope.
I am still a little afraid of missing something if I forget that, as my father snobbishly suggested, and I snobbishly repeat, a sense of the fundamental decencies is parcelled out unequally at birth.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself. For Lucy had her work cut out for her. The doors would be taken off their hinges; Rumpelmayer's men were coming. And then, thought Clarissa Dalloway, what a morning — fresh as if issued to children on a beach.
Why are kittens soft?
Someone with a positive manner, perhaps a detective, used the expression "mad man" as he bent over Wilson's body that afternoon, and the adventitious authority of his voice set the key for the newspaper reports next morning.
He told me all this very much later, but I've put it down here with the idea of exploding those first wild rumors about his antecedents, which weren't even faintly true.
It had occurred to me that this shadow of a garage must be a blind, and that sumptuous and romantic apartments were concealed overhead, when the proprietor himself appeared in the door of an office, wiping his hands on a piece of waste.
Slenderly, languidly, their hands set lightly on their hips, the two young women preceded us out onto a rosy-colored porch, open toward the sunset, where four candles flickered on the table in the diminished wind.
His wife was shrill, languid, handsome and horrible.
Well, he certainly must have strained himself to get this menagerie together.
They were sitting at either end of the couch, looking at each other as if some question had been asked, or was in the air, and every vestige of embarrassment was gone.
She was at a High School, at the inarticulate stage last time he was over, a round-eyed, pale-faced girl, with nothing of her mother in her, a silent stolid creature, who took it all as a matter of course, let her mother make a fuss of her, and then said "May I go now?"
How she loved the grey-white moths spinning in and out, over the cherry pie, over the evening primroses!
No doubt with another throw of the dice, had the black been uppermost and not the white, she would have loved Miss Kilman! But not in this world. No.
In the street, vans roared past him; brutality blared out on placards; men were trapped in mines; women burnt alive; and once a maimed file of lunatics being exercised or displayed for the diversion of the populace (who laughed aloud), ambled and nodded and grinned past him, in the Tottenham Court Road, each half apologetically, yet triumphantly, inflicting his hopeless woe.
For as the young people went by with their despatch-boxes, awfully glad to be free, proud too, dumbly, of stepping this famous pavement, joy of a kind, cheap, tinselly, if you like, but all the same rapture, flushed their faces.
"Dear!" said Clarissa, and Lucy shared as she meant her to her disappointment (but not the pang); felt the concord between them; took the hint; thought how the gentry love; gilded her own future with calm; and, taking Mrs. Dalloway's parasol, handled it like a sacred weapon which a Goddess, having acquitted herself honourably in the field of battle, sheds, and placed it in the umbrella stand.
It was bound, Clarissa used to think, to end in some awful tragedy; her death; her martyrdom; instead of which she had married, quite unexpectedly, a bald man with a large buttonhole who owned, it was said, cotton mills at Manchester.
Are strawberries good for dogs?
"Why is Tom so happy?" "Because of you."
There are 26 pupils in a class. The teacher has 8 litres of orange juice. She pours 225 millilitres of orange juice for every pupil. How much orange juice is left over?
Tom can recite 314 digits of pi from memory.
Tom was never like that before he met you.
In Afghanistan they speak Pashto, Dari, and a number of regional minority languages.
Sindhi is a language of Pakistan spoken by the Sindhi people.
Punjabi is the only Indo-European language with tones.
If the economy is doing well and the people aren't, the economy is irrelevant.
If it looks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it's probably a duck.
I'm not fluent in Cat.
Why is everyone always talking about Tom?
Why do cats sleep so much?
Elizabeth got maced.
We're storming the Capitol; it's a revolution!
Don't you like going to the movies?
Aren't you guys homeless?
Am I not invited?
Isn't anyone interested?
Is sugar good for you?
Didn't you give Tom the book?
Isn't it important to listen?
Will we do it if Tom leaves?
Aren't you going to psych yourself up before the match?
Did Tom turn blue?
Reclaim your surplus value: steal from work!
My katakana has never been good and I'm losing my ability to read hiragana.
Hitler's supporters thought they were just patriots trying to save their country.
The Nazis blamed the Reichstag fire on the Communists.
Everything that makes me feel comfortable and safe, I found by taking risks.
No one can tell me that if it had been a group of Black Lives Matter protestors yesterday that they wouldn't have been treated very differently than the mob that stormed the Capitol.
Why do dogs eat grass?
Tom went for the jugular.
After three days, Tom began to experience tactile hallucinations.
Critics were right to point out that the politician led a nascent fascist movement.
The plane never left the hangar.
Tom died in a Black Friday stampede.
The cat suddenly woke up from her sleep and meowed loudly.
Tom is so silly.
Cats are people.
It's important to live with a sense of intention instead of purposeless habit.
I can't enjoy reading without the tactile sensation of a physical book.
She still burns with the ardor of youth.
What's the difference between nomenclature and taxonomy?
He's got a huge gash on his shin.
I want to learn Kabyle.
I want to learn Kabyle faster.
No one's actually like that.
I did the thing.
I'm dead inside.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Kabylia is a welcoming country.
Do you know Kabylia?
Have you ever been to Kabylia?
Kabylia and Algeria are two opposing countries.
Algeria colonized Kabylia in 1962.
Algeria is not only a country that doesn't respect human rights but doesn't care at all.
The majority of the Kabyles aspire to independence except those who want to be Arabized and Islamized under Algerian colonialism.
The majority of Algerians spend their time talking about mosques and proselytizing even on scientific websites.
Unfortunately the majority of Algerians want an Islamic republic but all immigrate to Western countries, even risking their lives.
Kabylia will only be at peace by regaining its independence, like the United States, which freed itself from the United Kingdom.
The Kabyles sovereignists know very well that Algeria will do everything to erase their culture, their language and even their existence even if it means "to murder".
Algerian colonisalism and its relays speak of "Kabyle separatism" when in reality it is only sovereignism. That said, recovering one's freedom is one of the fundamental rights. Obviously colonial Algeria ratified the human rights charter but never respected it.
Algeria is fueling Islamist terrorism by teaching Sharia in school from kindergarten to 12th grade. Of course the overwhelming majority of Algerians do not find it wrong, on the contrary they want to establish Islamic law in all fields.
The majority of Muslims are ready to kill anyone who criticizes Islam which is not a religion but a dangerous sect. Don't we say that "religion is a successful sect"?
There's a strange pipeline from militant atheist to Neo-Nazi, facilitated by YouTube's algorithms.
Journalists and researchers have talked about a "libertarian-to-alt-right pipeline," where people holding what they claim are firm beliefs in individual liberties are slowly drawn to overt opposition to the liberties of women and minority groups.
Western Sahara is a region of Morocco, the majority of its inhabitants attest to this.
Algeria supports the existence of a Western Sahara when in fact it is a pretext for Algerian soldiers to practice terrorism and blackmail on the Moroccan border.
My country is always right.
My country's enemies are weak, insignificant, and dangerous.
My country's enemies are always in the wrong, and my country is always in the right.
It just works out that way.
It's not my fault I was born in the world's most righteous country.
Algeria only supports lost causes and false causes just to maintain hatred with Morocco, Tunisia, Israel, Egypt, France and so on.
By the way, Algeria not only has no industry, it can't even put a hole in a sewing needle. Finally, Algeria is a huge digestive tract!
Algeria kills each Kabyle who wants to live in dignity with recognized human rights including self-management and sovereignty.
All those who defend fascist Algeria are equally fascists with limitless hatred and blatant lies.
Algeria has done nothing to the Syrian refugees, but it is relaying false information on television.
How does catnip work?
Is catnip a drug?
The leader's denunciation of his violent supporters came late, and he soon contradicted it.
The epilogue was probably unnecessary.
He's the putative leader of the bunch.
She's the putative leader of the bunch.
Montreal is under a 4-week curfew.
Is this supposed to be a surrealist sentence?
Tom doesn't have asthma.
"Is it still 1987?" "No. You've been frozen for decades."
He fell asleep at the wheel.
She fell asleep at the wheel.
I fell into a deep depression.
The cat ate my meal.
George Orwell went all the way to Spain just to kill fascists.
There seems to be a Trotskyist-to-neoconservative pipeline, at least in the English-speaking world.
America's NATO allies have been shaken by Trump's harangue against them in Brussels over their underspending on defense, and his unrestrained effort to curry favor with Russian President Vladimir Putin during their meeting in Helsinki.
Mr. Carlyle harangued the populace from the balcony of the Buck's Head.
Tom? Can you hear me?
"Tom, can you hear me?" "Yes. I'm not deaf."
The U.S. House of Representatives is expected to vote Wednesday on the unprecedented second impeachment of President Donald Trump.
Trump, who in a video last week told the mob of his supporters "we love you, you’re very special," did not answer questions from reporters.
If the House approves the impeachment resolution, the matter moves to the Senate for a trial where conviction is far from certain.
Even if Trump has already left office, a Senate impeachment conviction after his term ends would bar him from holding federal office again.
The House passed a resolution late Tuesday calling for Vice President Mike Pence and members of Trump's Cabinet to use their constitutional authority to remove Trump from office as unfit to serve.
Even before the House voted Tuesday, Pence sent a letter to Pelosi explaining he would not take action under the 25th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which allows for the vice president and a majority of the Cabinet to declare a president unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office.
All dogs are good dogs.
I'm not a good loser.
Stop being so cute!
Why would you commit suicide by cop?
How many people a year commit suicide by cop?
I have better things to do than listen to this blather.
Are the Dravidian languages related to any other languages?
I have a good friend whose native language is Malayalam.
How hard is it to learn Tamil?
Can you learn Konkani online?
I'm not a Bolshevik, but I know quite a few.
How similar is Pashto to Persian?
How hard is it to learn French?
Mary has PTSD.
There is no telling how much time will elapse between the moment the finished product leaves the brewery premises and the actual moment of its consumption.
Nitrous oxide is inert at room temperature.
In 1980, the Indonesian Ulama (religious scholar) Council, the country’s highest Muslim body, declared Ahmadiyya a "deviant sect."
That cat really likes you.
Our cat really likes you.
That fascist cop asked me to drop my bag and let him search it.
The failures of the neocons' many wars should be enough to discredit their opinions in the present day.
Neoconservatism has discredited itself.
I'm a lioness.
Yiddish is not Hebrew.
Keep your grubby paws off my stuff!
I can't find the dustpan; did you do something with it?
I found the broom, but where's the dustpan?
No one but Tom is capable of that.
Nobody but Tom is capable of that.
This looks like Tom's work.
This shirt is 100% polyester.
This lovely blouse is made of polyester and cotton.
They're an amorphous group of activists, artists, and burnouts.
Only Tom is capable of that.
This looks like a job for Tom Jackson.
Be careful when writing in Latin, or you might summon a demon.
Be careful speaking Latin, or you might summon a demon.
Cats have their eccentricities.
Communism is when everyone has to wear a mask.
Anarchism is when you break stuff.
"Illegal immigration" is a fake problem made up by the right to scapegoat a vulnerable minority for the effects of neoliberal policies.
I named my hamster Tom Jackson.
Tardigrades are adorable.
My brother Tom is an irascible man.
Ashkenazi Jews experienced a population bottleneck around 700 years ago.
Mutual respect must underpin any healthy society.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who wore a hat.
You're worth it.
The cicada never meets the ant. Even though it sees it, it ignores it. Unless it's dead.
Is this your first time tripping?
I'm Tom, the gardener.
It doesn't always work for me.
I didn't really dream.
You have a frog in your throat.
We live in different universes.
It's unusual for a Jew to be named Tom.
A lot of people are saying that Trump loves anonymous sources.
What kind of garbage is that?
Trump is the first American president in the history of the Gallup poll to never reach a 50% approval rating.
Tigers aren't pets.
Dragons aren't pets.
Why do black cats have yellow eyes?
I knew it was a problem, but no one had ever quantified it for me like that.
An area man has been implicated in a plot to assassinate Tom Jackson.
A number of purported grassroots movements are really astroturfing campaigns by the ultra-wealthy.
Does SGML stand for "standard generalized markup language"?
Mary isn't very friendly.
The other day, it was raining heavily, all the time.
One day, I will say who they are.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Last days, it was raining heavily, all the time.
I feel this way around the same time every year.
Every time I get through this I get stronger, and the trauma moves further and further away.
Every time I get through this I get stronger.
My primary care provider is Tom Jackson, NP.
We can only hope.
I don't mean to be rude.
A good time to delete your own sentence is when you don't understand it yourself.
"Your life has become a disaster." "No it hasn't! It always was one."
"Your life has become a disaster." "It has not! It always was one."
"What's the difference between a wizard and a sorcerer?" "It depends on which fictional world you're in."
I have a stronger support network now.
I'm not isolated anymore.
Maybe people should get to eat and have a place to lay their head no matter what.
That's all still there.
I was having similar feelings.
I've never had a bullet journal.
Chances are I'll be awake.
"What's that supposed to mean?" he asked in a bellicose tone.
When does a kitten become a cat?
When does a puppy become a dog?
If wearing a mask to fight disease is socialist, I think that says something really bad about capitalism.
Are there earthquakes on Mars?
An asthma inhaler makes a big difference.
I should've known it was Tom.
I should've known it was Tom who did it.
I should've known it was Tom who did that.
I don't like him at all, but he's good at what he does.
Some black cats have orange eyes.
You smell like smoke.
I'm tired of this humdrum existence.
His response was flippant.
This cat kills fascists.
I probably shouldn't obsess over my trauma.
You need to distract yourself.
What was I thinking about?
In Yiddish the Holocaust isn't called the "Shoah," but rather a different Hebrew term, "Khurbn," meaning "destruction."
You'll have three minutes to rebut the argument of the opposing side.
I'm a lioness and my partner is a ferret.
Who's John Bull?
Are you going to see Tom's band on Friday?
It is with a benevolent eye that we wait for those we miss.
Tom lacks intrinsic motivation to study French.
Bad talk can only come from garbage.
My heart is pure and free from resentment.
The two escort attendants watch over the bride; moreover, they know how to protect the bride from any spell. Nothing escapes their sharp eyes.
Coffee is life.
Some people refer to proprioception as "the sixth sense".
Mary's proprioception is impaired, which means she's having trouble with her balance.
Mary put it away in a small pasteboard box.
Are you going to see Tom's band?
The doctors suspect that Mary has a vestibular disorder.
The head of the U.S. Agency for Global Media stepped down Wednesday afternoon at the request of President Joe Biden shortly after Biden took office.
Michael Pack served for just over seven tumultuous months as the first chief executive of the agency under new legislation giving him expanded powers over the networks.
More than 30 journalists from VOA's language divisions lost their jobs and the right to remain in the U.S. over the last seven months because their specialized entry permits were not renewed under Pack.
Pack's leadership at USAGM raised early alarms among the networks' journalists and press freedom groups, who condemned his replacement of network heads and formerly bipartisan boards at the networks.
Whistleblowers alleged numerous cases of gross mismanagement, retaliation and investigations into staff that had a debilitating effect.
On Pack's last full day as CEO, a whistleblower protection nonprofit, the Government Accountability Project, sent a letter to lawmakers alleging that USAGM had spent at least $2 million in taxpayer money to pay a private law firm to investigate and compile dossiers on agency employees and the Open Technology Fund.
Democratic senators had raised concerns about the documentary filmmaker's suitability for the role and about an investigation into alleged mismanagement at a nonprofit he founded.
The Washington, D.C., attorney general on Jan. 5 filed a lawsuit alleging Public Media Lab violated the District's nonprofit corporation act and enriched Pack's documentary company, Manifold Productions, by more than $4 million.
In interviews with conservative media and talk shows and a January 15 op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, Pack defended his actions, saying he was working to address long-standing security concerns at the agency and perceived liberal bias in VOA content.
Pack also accused his predecessors of "rubber stamping" J-1 visas and said the agency was using the process as a "pathway to citizenship."
In his interviews, Pack often pointed to an investigation by his aides of VOA's Urdu language service for airing a Biden campaign ad, as an example of that bias.
Nobody knows I'm a furry.
Nobody knows I'm polyamorous.
Words mean things.
"Are you sure that's true?" "Yes! I saw a documentary about it on YouTube!"
I hate this time of year.
If he had intended to do it, he would have done it a long time ago.
Totalitarianism is when people are mean to me.
You know, it's weird: I don't think I've ever met Tom.
Ashkenazi Jews are traditionally not named after living relatives.
My father often cooks.
Expired medicine may lose its potency.
Would regulating the potency of marijuana create new opportunities for the black market?
I regret not telling the truth.
Remember, there'll always be another chance!
Tu BiShvat is often called "Las Frutas" in Ladino.
Put down the meth pipe.
The fans and detractors are both right.
He tries too hard to understand.
He tries to understand too much.
He whose hunger has hurt his mind remembers; he whose stomach it has tested forgets.
The universe is an allergy.
Both vaccines require two doses for full potency.
The report says another airstrip could be ready by the end of this year.
It's shaped like an octagon.
I was homeless at the time.
Can you eat the skin of a kiwi?
The fuzzy skin of a kiwi contains most of its nutrients.
We're all out of grog, Captain.
Why are monkeys so funny?
The dog is playing with the cat.
The cat is playing with the dog.
The cat and the dog are playing with each other.
An expression says: as for that story, the partridge landed on it.
I don't mean to be rude, but could you quiet down, please?
I don't mean to be rude, but what's your name again?
Why are pigs so smart?
I don't mean to be rude, but where are you from?
Is Geraldine Ferraro still alive?
Geraldine Ferraro died on March 26, 2011 at the age of 75.
Freedom is always the freedom of dissenters.
There is more than one valid answer, but not every answer is valid.
Men only want one thing.
I've been called worse things by better people.
That's got nothing to do with me.
Keeping in touch is a two-way street.
A scaly is like a furry whose "fursona" is a reptile or amphibian.
Our cat is such a drama queen.
Has anyone seen Tom around lately?
Tom doesn't live around here anymore.
He doesn't live around here anymore.
Brains are weird.
Bitcoin is fiat by definition, since it cannot be exchanged for a fixed amount of any physical resource.
I don't want to think about this.
I don't want to think about this right now.
Why do cats knock things off of surfaces?
Search engines are plagued with an increasing amount of automatically translated blog spam.
It's a dangerous time.
These are dangerous times.
Is salsa a type of fruit salad?
Why does my knee hurt?
Consider the source.
Time sometimes feels like a single point.
Social justice is good, actually.
Open borders are good, actually.
If Tom comes by, tell him I'm not here.
If Tom calls, tell him I'm not here.
Everything's a drama with you.
This looks like Arabic, not Persian.
This looks like Arabic typed with a Persian keyboard.
I loved Season 2.
Don't tell Tom I was here.
Now I see why Tom likes you so much.
Tom isn't very good with his hands.
Tom's not very good with his hands.
Tom wouldn't really do anything like that.
Tom wouldn't really do something like that.
Tom wouldn't really do a thing like that.
Tom wouldn't do a thing like that, would he?
Tom wouldn't really do something like that, would he?
Tom wouldn't do something like that, would he?
This is Johnny Cash, right?
"Anything that doesn't kill strengthens", said Nietzsche.
Any religion or philosophy can be taken to excess.
Any religion or philosophy can be cynically exploited by the powerful.
That drawer is full of miscellaneous items.
Poverty shouldn't exist.
Tom studied armchair law at the University of Wikipedia.
New York's Empire State Building is now running entirely on wind power.
It's OK; I got this.
It's OK; I've got this.
I may never find the evidence I'm looking for.
Is there another way I could meet that need?
I hope this is true.
I met my girlfriend that way.
Tom enlisted in the Space Force.
The Space Force sent Tom's ship on a five-year mission.
Companies don't hire more people than they need.
I am the ghost of Tom.
I am the ghost of Tom Jackson.
How does hot garbage like this get published?
Therapists aren't interchangeable.
I'm roasting some cauliflower and broccoli.
You are the steward of your own destiny.
His words were ominous.
His ominous words did not deter Mary.
Remember to buy a lime for tequila shots.
I owe allegiance to no country.
Watch out for Tom; he's a predator.
I think I'm gonna nope out of this one.
I hope your words spur the people to action.
Long time no see, Tom.
That's valid.
How could I have done it?
How could I have done it without you?
I don't think Albert Einstein actually said that.
I don't think Tom actually said that.
I don't think that's what he meant.
I don't think that's what she meant.
That's not what Tom said, though.
That isn't what Tom said, though.
I don't think that Tom actually said that.
A fractious child is a troublesome thing to deal with, but a fractious man is far worse.
You're as fractious as Tom.
He's a recalcitrant boy.
Who has time for that?
Did I mention I'm crazy?
Did I mention that I'm crazy?
Change can be good or bad.
Good change can still introduce its own problems.
The Yiddish influence on Esperanto is felt especially in the proverbs.
Today is the biggest day of the year for drinking watered-down beer and watching advertisements occasionally interrupted by people running into each other.
American football is just people running into each other.
American football is just rugby with pads.
Not all problems are straightforward.
I like speaking French to my cat.
I love speaking French to my cat.
I love talking to my cat in French.
I like talking to my cat in French.
I love speaking French to my dog.
I like speaking French to my dog.
I like speaking French to my guinea pig.
I love speaking French to my guinea pig.
Tom's bird swears in French.
Tom's parrot swears in French.
My cat likes stepping on my foot.
People shouldn't be allowed to trade water futures.
Fucking cat!
Some cats are weirder than others.
My guinea pig doesn't like people.
I just got hit with a wave of nausea.
My cat doesn't like the sound of French.
My cat doesn't like it when I speak French.
Tom isn't an optometrist. He's an obstetrician.
"You're such a drama queen, Tom." "I prefer the term 'romantic'."
“Whoever follows the crowd does not go further than the crowd. Whoever goes alone is likely to find places where no one has ever been,” said Einstein.
Kittens are cute.
Guinea pigs are cute.
I haven't had homemade chips in a long time.
Tom and I aren't always on the same page.
Babies are cute.
Humans are cute.
They named a sandwich after Tom.
The deli named a sandwich after Tom.
Tom smeared Vegemite behind his ears to avoid being attacked by a drop bear.
Tom was disappointed by the lack of dinosaurs in Oedipus Rex.
Things like that aren't always obvious.
That's a no.
I can relate.
So you're thinking of converting?
I wonder if there's more to it than that.
I'm sure you must've seen it.
It's older than YouTube.
I feel old sometimes, but I guess I can't be that old if Tom Brady is still playing in Super Bowls.
Abolish rent.
Give all the empty houses and apartments to the homeless.
I can't stop laughing at this video.
I've been laughing at that for over an hour now.
Don't forget to take your meds.
I'm not a stegosaurus.
Get OK with yourself and the right person will come along.
Some cliches are cliches for a good reason.
I'm a scalie, not a furry.
Tom's allergic to honey, remember?
Tom's allergic to honey.
Tom is allergic to honey.
I'm not sure what I expected mustard greens to taste like.
I love a good throwback.
Why do cats have sandpaper tongues?
You're very insightful.
You have good insight.
They insist on equity in return for their investments.
"I'm dead." "No you're not."
She was the runt of the litter.
He was the runt of the litter.
He was the runt.
She was the runt.
I've grown as a person since then.
Isn't it important?
Wouldn't that be important?
Would that be important?
What is the Australian ethos?
How would you describe the ethos of Tatoeba?
How would you describe the ethos of Wikipedia?
I don't mind saying I have a plebeian taste in food.
I don't even fully understand the kinship system of English, especially when it gets beyond first cousins.
You've been given a lot of leeway so far.
What's a repast?
Mary has always been rather sporty.
"Is the Pope Catholic?" "That depends." "What?" "The Coptic Pope isn't Catholic." "The who?"
"Are you a Hebrew teacher?" "Well, I'm a Hebrew and a teacher."
If there's only one lie at the funeral, you know they were a great person.
Is there a difference between magic and witchcraft?
Tom's left-handed.
“What I want is not a word, which is blown away as soon as I speak it. What I want is not the fennel which always bends in the wind. What I want is as I dreamed it and that cannot be held by the hands. Just like the rising sun that the eyes cannot look at” said playwright MoḥYa.
What is tellurium used for?
There was one of those uproars!
Hamsters are adorable.
He had a cadaverous appearance.
He looked like a dead body.
He looked like the living dead.
He looked like a zombie.
Pre-Greek is a substrate language hypothesized to explain certain Greek words of non-Indo-European origin.
Aramaic features an Akkadian substrate.
Some sheep have multiple litters.
He was a puny man.
It's not the most cogent argument.
Capitalism is a pyramid scheme.
Capitalism is a cargo cult.
Educated, him? Don't tell that!
You really think he's the leader!
Steam and smoke come out the chimney.
"Ah shwear 'em notchrunk," Tom insisted as he spilled his beer all over Mary.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
It's not possible to earn a billion dollars.
"It doesn't matter if the cat is black or white, as long as it catches the mouse," said Deng Xiaoping.
Sleep surprised me.
In a little while, we'll know what you're worth, you, our boss!
The parturient takes her attitude. She comes and goes. She is preparing to give birth standing up. It was like that, before.
I passed the brush in the yard.
A junkie can be prostrate for hours, forever.
It's full.
I am like glowing iron, between the hammer and the anvil.
Taos Amrouche, an Algerian tear.
The expression “as for the story, the partridge landed on it” is actually a very old idiom, which is used in connection with someone who has committed a crime; when you ask him about it, he doesn't even answer you! We then say that the partridge (or the hen) has landed on it.
I know you are educated.
The pancake is divided into parts.
Those who are afraid of the peaks say: “being halfway is much better, we won't have to fly or fall."
An old saying goes: “The fly cried, cried. Then, when it tried to wipe its eyes, its head tore off."
How fortuitous!
Tom doesn't even have a modicum of common sense.
Could you please show at least a modicum of decency while the Jacksons are here?
Aliens have telepathically revealed to me the esoteric meaning of each word of this cereal box.
The Druze follow an esoteric religion.
Kabbalah is an esoteric tradition within Judaism.
From plebeian origins, Tom Jackson has quickly risen to the upper echelon of society.
Words should be meaningful, not just verbiage.
Tickling is only good for those who like to be tickled.
I don't like Tom's brother.
Cool tattoo!
Careful; Tom's a bit sensitive.
I got this tattoo to cover up a scar from a traumatic experience.
The cat is snoring in my lap.
The agreement does not subsume any previous agreement.
Your position isn't tenable.
Tom is charismatic and manipulative.
I think Tom might be a cult leader.
I think Tom might have joined a cult.
I'm worried Tom is in a cult.
I'm worried that Tom is in a cult.
One of the kittens caught a moth.
It's such a long flight.
It's such a long flight!
I aspire to be a bog witch some day.
They run one behind the other.
This is a paid advertisement.
"I prefer the one who does not know to the one who thinks he knows," said the singer Zedek Mouloud.
Is that even true, though?
Is that true, though?
I'm not interested in hearing about God.
He gave him a delay to repay him what he loaned him.
He gave him a delay to repay him his debt.
Yes, may they all rest in peace, yours like all the other missing.
It was Pope Gelasius I who had the idea of ​​establishing Valentine's Day, the feast of lovers (every February 14).
Let them!
In addition, I am in the lot, me too! Let it go!
I feel empty.
We're going to California.
You can come, too.
You dork!
Tom doesn't like sharing his data.
I'm going back in time. See you last year!
Lust is treacherous. If you let it, you could be deprived from your friends.
Rape survivors are more likely to develop post-traumatic stress disorder than survivors of other traumatic experiences.
My family is from Boston, but I've lived in Chicago my whole life.
That was a translation.
I moved here from Boston when I was little.
Members of the U.S. House of Representatives are elected in biennial elections.
Do dogs dream?
Poppies grow in abundance in Kabylia.
In Kabylia the boar is hunted for its flesh.
Young people in Kabylia don't do Ramadan.
Many Kabyles are not Muslims.
There are many Kabyle Christians in Kabylia.
Not all Kabyles are Muslims.
Most Kabyles are not Muslims.
It's not enough to speak Kabyle to be Kabyle.
The Kabyle language is a living language.
Most Kabyle people are secular.
It's Kabylity that gives courage and consistency to the Berbers.
We are only Kabyles.
The Kabyle can't be Kabyle and Algerian at the same time as the American can't be American and English at the same time!
That's just silly.
That's just silly, don't you think?
Oh, nice.
Esther is an American Jew.
Esther is a Jewish American.
Spiders are cute.
I think spiders are cute.
I'm not a unicorn.
That package from Australia sure is taking its time.
What do cats dream about?
What do dogs dream about?
I'm not from Boston originally.
I'm not from Australia originally.
My ex-sister-in-law lives in Australia.
Me at least, I can face them!
You at least, you can face them!
Him at least, he can confront them!
She at least, she can face them!
We at least, we can face them!
Them at least, they can confront him!
I just don't see what Tom would have to gain from that.
I don't think there is a problem.
I felt something touch me.
Retirement is the moment when the worker ceases his activity to rest.
It's not feeding time.
I spy, with my little eye, something that starts with a D.
There is a swallow called tajuqjuqt, perhaps because of its piercing, shrill cry.
I must have a stomach bug or something.
Humans are the laziest animals.
I've got a strange lump on my left bollock.
Please keep two chevrons between you and the car in front.
I didn't need to know what you two did on your wedding night. That's TMI.
I got hit with a football in the gonads.
William Pitt the Elder was perhaps the most influential member of the Whig party.
I'm trying to muster the courage to square up to him.
"What did you get up to last weekend?" "Not much, I just had a potter around in the garden."
“The snow snubs us, often on the sly,” says an ancient Kabyle expression.
"If you think we sleep stupid, it's because it's you who is not awake," said the "Rebel" Matoub Lounes in his song "What's that?" ".
He was a truly vile creature and the world is better without him.
I've never been very serious about learning French.
I've never gotten serious about learning French.
That's why they blame us!
That's why they're ranting!
Me too, he drove me crazy.
Thank God Rush Limbaugh is finally dead.
Nettle proliferates, it abounds in our country. The nettle soup is good. I am just eating it. Very little will satisfy you.
The old women liked to quote Pope Gelasius I.
The old women readily quoted Pope Gelasius I.
Tom landed on Mars.
May God have his soul and lighten the earth where he will be buried.
I was overwhelmed by a cold.
As soon as he has the opportunities, he slipped to come.
The reality is the opposite of the far-right line on the matter.
"What era are you from, tortoise?" "We were created like that!"
Since the connection is often poor, my additions and comments appear in duplicate. Indeed, I insist on making sure they are gone.
To find out what the weather would be like, our elders observed nature and animals. So, I had the opportunity to check by myself that when the roosters are on a single paw, either it will be cold, or it will rain.
Rush Limbaugh was a monster.
Tom was a monster.
This plant has a disproportionate and crazy growth. It's like it doesn't know how to grow anymore.
The female ladybug lays eggs on the leaves of plants, which molt to nymphs and then to adults.
The bride is prostrate while the tambourine is in full swing.
The swollen silenus has an onomatopeian Kabyle name, in connection with the sound made by its leaves.
Her skin is blackened by the sun.
Trauma is a thief.
PTSD is a thief.
I hate the parts of your brain that hurt you, but I love the rest of it.
Tom sold his soul.
Tom doesn't want to sell his soul.
"I refuse to sell my soul," Tom declared.
Tom was born in a barn.
Finally, you are still young and beautiful too. I wish you a long life!
Tom is a whinger.
Tom is such a whinger.
One of my partners lives in Australia.
One of my partners lives in Boston.
Tom, Mary, John, and Alice are in a polyamorous relationship.
We make some people so great to the point that they look down on us.
I was really amazed!
This post is worth a bump!
Music videos are silly.
He had no illusions about the London police. Indeed, he was collecting evidence of their malpractices; and those costermongers, not allowed to stand their barrows in the streets; and prostitutes, good Lord, the fault wasn't in them, nor in young men either, but in our detestable social system and so forth; all of which he considered, could be seen considering, grey, dogged, dapper, clean, as he walked across the Park to tell his wife that he loved her.
I've got an electrolysis appointment at 1:30.
People with dark hair would benefit more from laser hair removal than electrolysis.
Mary's hair is dark and voluminous.
There wasn't a single abstention.
Secession was the means by which the southern states hoped to achieve their goal of preserving slavery.
Cats can be so sweet.
Gagarin was a cosmonaut.
Tom's a bad person.
I don't think Tom's a bad person.
I don't think Tom is a bad person.
Religious people aren't special.
That'd be a weird way to say it.
That would be a weird way to say it.
Is that a cat or my pants?
How's the soup?
What's the soup du jour?
I'm always angry.
I'm angry all the time.
I'm hungry all the time.
I'm never angry.
I'm never hungry.
I've never told a lie.
Everything I say is a lie.
Ido has too many suffixes.
I am euphoric.
Our cat isn't allowed in one room of the house, and he spends all his time meowing outside the door to it.
We inject it intramuscularly.
It was Tom all along.
It's harsh but true.
It's been Tom all along.
Please remove your caput from your rectum.
The pillow vowed to never bring compatible people together.
The pillow never brought similar people together.
The Algerian army is an army which assassinates its people.
The Algerian government insults the Kabyle through its official speeches and no Arabic speaker takes offense.
The Algerian government has officially launched its "Zero Kabyle" project in the government. No reaction from the Algerian Arabic speakers.
All Algerian opponents are actually supporters of the Algerian government because they participate in all its votes in order to claim some seats and some privileges.
In reality the Algerians want a change but in continuity, which means, to change the heads of the government by other new heads, but the content will be the same: the Islamic principles that breed dictatorship and everything else!
The only real opposition in Algeria is the sovereignty of Kabylia.
All the Arabic-speaking detainees were released by the Algerian regime except the activists for the independence of Kabylia, the Mozabite autonomists and the Chaouis Autonomists. This is nothing new with the racist and criminal Algerian regime, but the worst thing is that the Algerians are supporting their imprisonment!
Even the non-governmental organizations in Algeria don't issue any support for the Kabyle sovereignists unjustly imprisoned. Finally, everyone is corrupted in Algeria and almost all Algerians are anti-Kabyles.
The Algerians express their hatred of the Kabyle through the anti-Kabyle sovereignist zeal. Because it is easier to threaten peaceful militants, supported by no one, than to stand up to a military-mafia dictatorship supported by all the world powers.
The Algerian anti-Kabyle regime has sold a mining contract to Australia, which is dangerous for the local population and for the environment. The village of Tala Hamza is in great danger in the face of the shameful silence of the Algerian opposition.
The French media and all the media in the world never speak of the grandiose demonstrations for the sovereignty of Kabylia. They only show what they want to show to international opinion. And even non-governmental organizations don't say a word about it! Finally, when there are state interests, there is no longer freedom of opinion.
Tom doesn't even go here.
Tom doesn't even work here.
Let me die!
Nothing you can be is more terrible than what I am.
Like all quantities, horror has its ultimate, and I am that!
Zealous Algerians believe that by attacking peaceful Kabyle militants they are defending the honor of indivisible Algeria, but in fact, they are only supporting a politico-mafia and Islamo-fascist dictatorship.
I wish Wagner hadn't been such an antisemite.
If the Algerians succeed in overthrowing the politico-military mafia, it's to install another opportunist politico-religious mafia. Just more of the same!
Never believe an Islamist even if he tells you the truth because he will always find a way to lie to you!
An Islamist is a zealous religious who wants to apply his religion to others and everywhere in the world! Whoever tells you the opposite is manipulating you!
People who talk to you all the time about mosques, Islam and the prophet urge you to normalize sectarian thinking.
Those who talk all the time about mosques, Islam and the prophet are sociopaths who have proven sexual problems because of their ungrateful aesthetics and therefore their stinking ulterior motives.
The majority of Algerians are against the building of churches, the breeding of pigs, the sale of alcohol and nightclubs in Algeria and even in the countries that host them, on the other hand, they encourage rape, sexism and mediocrity.
Did you enjoy the philosophy class?
I wasn't sure that bit of philosophy got us anywhere.
Here, too, it was that Hegel's philosophy of history made a deep impression upon him.
This little story calls into life all the questions of language and the philosophy of style.
Human philosophy, theoretical physics, poetry, Italian Masters, romance.
In 1894 he delivered the Gifford Lectures at Edinburgh, the subject being "The Philosophy and Development of Religion."
This conception of matter, as infinitely divisible and continuous, was taught by Anaxagoras more than four centuries before the Christian era, and in the philosophy of Aristotle the same ideas are found.
"I don't have time for philosophy," he said, growing irritated with her word play.
In 1672, having finished his philosophy course, he was given a scholarship at the college of St Michel at Paris by Jean, marquis de Pompadour, lieutenant-general of the Limousin.
He went to the university of Leipzig as a student of philosophy and natural sciences, but entered officially as a student of medicine.
After distinguishing himself at school in history and philosophy, he turned to the study of science.
To live for myself avoiding those two evils is my whole philosophy now.
The restaurant stands by a "green" philosophy, making it a choice destination for eco-friendly travelers.
Leibnitz's philosophy has no answer for us.
But " philosophy of religion " can be construed in many different ways.
This is the formal definition of philosophy.
His father, a professor of philosophy, gave him an excellent education at the Tizi Ouzou College in Kabylia.
He studied philosophy and medicine at the university of Béjaia in Kabylia.
Can we not attain to some farther-reaching philosophy?
Aurelius throughout his life adhered to the Stoical philosophy.
In his philosophy he was mainly concerned to defend Plato against the followers of Aristotle.
Well, if they turn you out, we'll just get a room at a hotel in Bouira.
Have you got a single room for tonight?
I'd like to stay in a double room.
Do all the rooms have air-conditioning?
When do you serve breakfast?
Could you give me a call at 7 tomorrow morning, please?
How long would you like to stay at our hotel?
My ears are sore!
My head hurts! What is wrong with me?
I have a cold for two weeks.
I feel sick and painful. I feel hot and cold.
I need a sick note.
I’ve got a lump.
I’m asthmatic.
My joints are aching.
I’ve got a temperature sore throat.
My throat is dry! I can’t stop coughing!
My legs feel weak!
I’ve got a sprained ankle.
I cut my finger! The bleeding won’t stop.
My skin is itchy! I can’t stop scratching!
My arm is sore!
I”ve got very little energy.
I have a rash on my arm, and it’s very itchy.
I feel a sharp pain when I bend my knee.
My stomach hurts and I’ve lost my appetite.
My neck is stiff and sore. I think I’ve pulled a muscle.
What are my options for treatment?
I started writing in Tatoeba in 2018 or 2019, I think. This is where I blossomed in writing, translating a little more into English, French and a little bit into Russian and German. Since then, a lot of people have followed us, even if I have sometimes suffered a few admonitions.
Hi! I started writing here on July 2018, three years ago, soon. Marvellous! My first sentence was: “Has anyone ever faced an ogre?”. (#7028101) Indeed, I faced an ogre!
I'm not actually from here.
Stop being a cat!
The Algerians allow themselves to threaten and insult the Kabyle sovereignists, but when these peaceful Kabyle activists denounce these abject practices, they are quickly denounced by scurvy lies.
Well done, you are starting to master Kabyle!
I am Finnish and my husband is Kabyle.
I am Kabyle and my wife is Kurdish.
"Here's what I think—" "I don't care, Tom."
The news anchor announced he wasn't wearing any pants.
You should definitely unsubscribe.
It seems to be a matter of academic dispute.
I don't think it's a typo.
I don't think that's a typo.
What are bruises?
How do I clean a wound?
What should I keep in my first aid kit?
How do I apply plasters and other dressings?
How do I apply a bandage?
Does my cut need stitches?
How do I apply butterfly stitches?
How should I care for my stitches?
Can I get my stitches wet in the bath or shower?
How long will my stitches, I mean my sutures, take to dissolve?
How do I care for a wound treated with skin glue?
How do I take a temperature?
How do I check my pulse?
How do I check someone's pulse?
How do I know if I've broken a bone?
How should I care for my plaster cast?
How should I dispose of used needles or sharps?
What should I do if I injure myself with a used needle?
What should I do after contact with someone else's blood or saliva?
What should I do if someone is choking?
When can I fly after surgery?
How long should I wear compression stockings to improve my circulation?
Do I need a tetanus jab, my vaccine I mean, after an accident or injury?
When do I need a fit note?
Can I get a fit note without seeing a GP?
Can I go back to work before the end date on my fit note?
Can I speak to a GP about someone else's health?
Can I pick up a prescription for someone else?
How long do babies carry their mother's immunity?
What should I do if I think my baby is allergic or intolerant to cows' milk?
How much salt do babies and children need?
How can I keep my baby safe during hot weather?
Can my baby go swimming before or after vaccinations?
How many calories does a child of 7 to 10 need?
Should my child drink alcohol?
Can I give my child painkillers?
Can I give my child paracetamol and ibuprofen at the same time?
Can I give my child paracetamol or ibuprofen with cough or cold medicines?
How old do you have to be to buy medicine?
Can I stay with my child in hospital?
How many calories do teenagers need?
Which foods cause tooth decay?
Why should I use dental floss?
Why should I use interdental brushes?
What are dentures, bridges, veneers and dental implants made of?
What are NHS fillings and crowns made of?
Who is entitled to free NHS dental treatment in England?
What is included in each NHS dental band charge?
How much will I pay for NHS dental treatment?
Why has my NHS dentist charged me for private treatment?
How can I get an NHS dentist in an emergency or out of hours?
What if my NHS dental treatment goes wrong?
How do I complain about my dental treatment?
What should my daily intake of calories be?
Why should I change my diet after a heart attack?
What is the glycaemic index (GI)?
Do I need vitamin supplements?
How can I find a registered dietitian or nutritionist?
How can I gain weight safely?
Can eating too much black liquorice be bad for you?
Can reheating rice cause food poisoning?
Can clothes and towels spread germs?
How long is someone infectious after a viral infection?
How long will I be infectious after starting antibiotics?
How should I collect and store a poo, I mean stool, sample?
How should I collect and store a pee, I mean urine, sample?
Can a hospital patient with MRSA infection have visitors?
Is pneumonia contagious?
What is the risk of infection from someone else's blood?
What is blood pressure?
What are the health risks of smoking?
What are the health benefits of losing weight?
What is the body mass index (BMI)?
How can I work out my body mass index (BMI)?
Why is my waist size important?
Are sunbeds safe?
Can I go swimming after a piercing?
Do I have an anxiety disorder?
Am I more at risk if my relatives have cancer?
When can I fly after a heart attack?
Can damp and mould affect my health?
What should I do if I miss a dose of antibiotics?
Can I drink alcohol while taking antibiotics?
When can I drink alcohol after finishing metronidazole?
Can I take paracetamol if I'm on antibiotics?
Can I take paracetamol and ibuprofen together?
Can I take paracetamol or ibuprofen with cough or cold medicines?
Can I drink alcohol if I'm taking painkillers?
Can I take cough and cold remedies while I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take hay fever medicine if I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take ibuprofen while I'm breastfeeding?
Can I take paracetamol while I'm breastfeeding?
Can I drink alcohol if I'm taking antidepressants?
What are side effects?
Why must some medicines be taken on an empty stomach?
Why must some medicines be taken with or after food?
Why do medicines have expiry dates?
Can I crush medicines before taking them?
Does grapefruit affect my medicine?
Does cannabis interact with antidepressants or lithium?
How should you come off antidepressants?
Can I take medicine before having a blood test?
Can I take my medicine abroad?
Where can I get an emergency supply of medicine?
How long is a prescription valid for?
Why can't hydrocortisone cream be used on the face?
Can I take anti-malaria medication if I'm trying for a baby?
Can post-exposure prophylaxis (PEP) stop me getting HIV?
Why can't I get a prescription for an over-the-counter medicine?
How can I improve my chances of becoming a dad?
Why is my penis smelly and sore?
What is this lump on my penis?
Is it normal to have a curved penis?
Why can I not get and keep an erection?
What should I do if my penis is torn?
What should I do if my erection will not go down?
What should my testicles look and feel like?
Why should I avoid sexual activity before a PSA test?
What is gynaecomastia?
Can I access someone else's medical records (health records)?
Can I access the medical records (health records) of someone who has died?
Can I choose to see a male or female GP?
How do I register as a temporary resident with a GP?
How can I see a GP if I'm away from home?
How do I change my GP?
Do I need a GP referral for private treatment?
If I pay for private treatment, how will my NHS care be affected?
Can I choose where to receive treatment?
How do I organise transport to and from hospital?
Do I have the right to refuse treatment?
Can I get laser eye surgery on the NHS?
How often can I have a free NHS sight test?
Can I get my glasses repaired or replaced on the NHS?
Does colonic irrigation have any health benefits and is it available on the NHS?
What is PALS (Patient Advice and Liaison Service)?
How much is the NHS prescription charge?
Can I eat and drink before having a blood test?
How can I find out my blood type (blood group)?
Can I eat or drink before an operation?
Should I stop taking antiplatelet medicines such as aspirin before minor surgery?
How long should I wear compression stockings after surgery?
Is it better to have a bath or shower after surgery?
How soon can I go swimming after surgery?
Do I need to change my diet after gallbladder surgery?
He took a nap.
What do cancer stages and grades mean?
How long does it usually take to get pregnant?
Can I get pregnant if I have sex without penetration?
Can I get pregnant just after my period has finished?
Can thrush harm my baby during pregnancy?
How much weight will I put on during my pregnancy?
Is it safe to use hair dye when I'm pregnant or breastfeeding?
Are sunbeds safe to use during pregnancy?
Is it safe to use a sauna or jacuzzi if I'm pregnant?
Is it safe to use fake tan during pregnancy?
Can paint fumes affect my unborn baby?
Is it safe to breastfeed if I have diarrhoea and vomiting?
What if I'm pregnant and I haven't had chickenpox?
How is chickenpox treated during pregnancy?
What are the risks of toxoplasmosis during pregnancy?
What are the risks of MRSA during pregnancy?
What are the risks of group B streptococcus (GBS) infection during pregnancy?
Is my unborn baby at risk of early-onset group B streptococcus (GBS) infection?
Are complementary therapies safe during pregnancy?
What complications can affect the placenta?
Can HIV be passed to an unborn baby in pregnancy or through breastfeeding?
When will my periods start again after pregnancy?
How soon can I use tampons after giving birth?
When will my periods return after a miscarriage?
What is an orgasm?
What is oral sex?
What infections can I catch through oral sex?
Are sex toys safe?
Am I masturbating too much and can it be bad for me?
Is masturbation normal?
Can you become addicted to sex?
Why does sex hurt?
Is sex painful the first time?
Does anal sex have any health risks?
Can premature ejaculation be controlled?
What can cause orgasm problems in men?
What can cause orgasm problems in women?
What does a sex therapist do?
Can a man catch thrush from a female partner?
What should I do if I think I've got an STI?
How soon do STI symptoms appear?
What services do sexual health clinics (GUM clinics) provide?
Will I be tested for chlamydia during my smear test?
Should trans men have cervical screening tests?
"And your occupation?" "Cat." "Sorry, what was that?"
What's the difference between HPV and HIV?
Can you catch HIV from kissing?
Can HIV be transmitted through oral sex (fellatio and cunnilingus)?
Do condoms always prevent HIV transmission?
What is the life expectancy for someone with HIV?
When is it safe to have sex after an abortion?
Can I travel on a plane if I have a plaster cast?
How can I delay my period?
Is it safe to fly with a perforated eardrum?
How can I tell when I'm ovulating?
What causes bleeding between periods?
What if I forget to remove my tampon?
Can a tampon get lost inside me?
What causes a woman to bleed after sex?
Can having an abortion affect my fertility?
How should I check my breasts?
What are pelvic floor exercises?
Why did you choose your undergraduate major?
He ate a bite.
How do you envision using your medical education?
What are your greatest strengths and weaknesses?
Do you have any family members or role models who are physicians?
Does your academic record reflect any major challenges? If so, what are they and why did they occur?
What excites you about medicine in general?
What do you know about the current trends in our nation’s healthcare system?
What do you believe to be some of the most pressing health issues today? Why?
What do you feel are the negative or restrictive aspects of medicine from a professional standpoint?
What do you feel are the social responsibilities of a physician?
What do you consider an important/the most important social problem facing the United States today and why?
How do you think national health insurance affects physicians, patients, and society?
In what manner and to what degree do you stay in touch with current events?
What books, films, or other media come to mind as having been particularly important to your sciences/non-sciences education?
Can you think of any examples in our society when healthcare is a right? When is it a privilege? When is it not clear?
Have you personally encountered any moral dilemmas to date? Of what nature?
How do you feel about euthanasia or medically assisted suicide?
How would you feel about treating a patient who has tested positive for HIV?
If you are a minority candidate, how do you feel your background uniquely prepares you to be, and will influence your role as, a physician?
If you are a woman, how has your gender impacted your decision to pursue a medical career?
If you are economically disadvantaged or have limited financial means, how has this adversity shaped you?
To what extent do you feel that you owe a debt to your fellow man? To what extent do you owe a debt to those less fortunate than yourself? Please explain.
What special qualities do you feel you possess that set you apart from other medical school candidates? What makes you unique or different as a medical school candidate?
What kind of medical schools are you applying to, and why?
Pick any specific medical school to which you are applying, and tell the interviewer about it. What makes this school particularly desirable to you?
What general and specific skills would you hope an ideal medical school experience would give you? How might your ideal school achieve that result?
Discuss your decision to pursue medicine. When did you decide to become an MD, and why?
Why did you decide to choose medicine and not some other field where you can help others, such as nursing, physical therapy, pharmacology, psychology, education, or social work?
How have you tested your motivation to become an MD? Please explain.
What will you do if you are not accepted to medical school this year? Have you an alternative career plan?
Is there anything else we have not covered that you feel the interviewer should know about you or your interest in becoming a doctor?
Why do you want to attend this university?
What’s your favorite subject in high school?
What do you want to study in college?
What do you enjoy doing when you’re not in class?
What are three interesting things about you that I wouldn’t know from your application?
What’s an example of an obstacle, a failure, or a mistake that you learned from?
What are your strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
Why are you interested in working for IBM?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
Why do you want to leave your current company?
Why was there a gap in your employment between 2012 and 2021?
What can you offer us that someone else can not?
What are three things your former manager would like you to improve on?
Are you willing to relocate?
Are you willing to travel?
Tell me about an accomplishment you are most proud of.
Tell me about a time you made a mistake.
How did you hear about this position?
What would you look to accomplish in the first 30 days on the job?
Discuss your resume.
Discuss your educational background.
Describe yourself.
Tell me how you handled a difficult situation.
Why are you looking for a new job?
Would you work holidays and weekends?
How would you deal with an angry or irate customer?
What are your salary requirements?
Give a time when you went above and beyond the requirements for a project.
Who are our competitors?
What was your biggest failure?
What’s your availability?
Who's your mentor?
Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your boss.
How do you handle pressure?
What is the name of our CEO?
What are your career goals?
What gets you up in the morning?
What would your direct reports say about you?
What were your bosses’ strengths and weaknesses?
If I called your boss right now and asked him what is an area that you could improve on, what would he say?
What was the last book you’ve read for fun?
What are your co-worker pet peeves?
What is your favorite website?
What makes you uncomfortable?
What are some of your leadership experiences?
How would you fire someone?
What do you like the most and least about working in this industry?
Would you work 40+ hours a week?
What questions haven’t I asked you?
What questions do you have for me?
What is your ideal working environment?
What commonly accepted view do you disagree with and why?
What are some positive things your last boss would say about you?
What differentiates you from our other candidates?
How would a good friend describe you?
Are you more of a leader or a follower?
Do you have a personal mission statement?
What do you like most about yourself?
How long do you expect to work for this company?
How do you keep yourself organized?
What character traits would your friends use to describe you?
What is your favorite movie of all time and why?
What are three skills or traits you wish you had?
Describe your perfect company.
Do you prefer to work alone or on a team?
What is your proudest achievement?
How do you want to improve yourself in the upcoming year?
Who are your heroes?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
When were you most satisfied in a previous job?
What’s the last book you read?
What is the best job you ever had?
What was your greatest failure, and what did you learn from it?
What’s the biggest lesson you’ve learned from a mistake you’ve made?
If you won a $10 million lottery, would you still work?
What was the last project you led and what was the outcome?
How many hours per week do you normally work?
Do you ever take your work home with you?
What three things are most important to you in your job?
What is one negative thing your last boss say about you?
What will you miss about your previous job?
Describe your work style.
What is your management style?
Who has impacted you most in your career?
What is your least favorite thing about yourself?
What is your biggest regret and why?
What are your coworker pet peeves?
Why did you choose your major?
What is your ideal company size?
What is a book that everyone needs to read and why?
Do you prefer working alone or in a team environment?
Do you find it difficult to adapt to new situations?
Do you have a mentor?
Can you explain why you’ve had so many jobs?
Describe your top three technical skills, please.
What causes are you passionate about?
If you could get rid of any US state, which would you choose and why?
Which is more important, creativity or efficiency?
Is it better to be good and on time or perfect and late with your work?
How many times per day do a clock’s hands overlap?
How many stacked pennies would equal the height of the Empire State Building?
Who is your hero?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What is your favorite family vacation?
What really makes you angry?
What motivates you to work hard?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your biggest complaint about your job?
What is your proudest accomplishment?
What is your child's proudest accomplishment?
What is your favorite book to read?
What makes you laugh the most?
What was the last movie you went to? What did you think?
What did you want to be when you were small?
If you could choose to do anything for a day, what would it be?
What is your favorite game or sport to watch and play?
Would you rather ride a bike, ride a horse, or drive a car?
What would you sing at Karaoke night?
What two radio stations do you listen to in the car the most?
Which would you rather do: wash dishes, mow the lawn, clean the bathroom, or vacuum the house?
If you could hire someone to help you, would it be with cleaning, cooking, or yard work?
If you could only eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it?
Do you like or dislike surprises? Why or why not?
In the evening, would you rather play a game, visit a relative, watch a movie, or read?
Would you rather vacation in Hawaii or Alaska, and why?
Would you rather win the lottery or work at the perfect job? And why?
Who would you want to be stranded with on a deserted island?
If money was no object, what would you do all day?
If you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?
What is the best gift you have been given?
What is the worst gift you have received?
Aside from necessities, what one thing could you not go a day without?
List two pet peeves.
If you were a super-hero, what powers would you have?
What form of public transportation do you prefer?
What's your favorite zoo animal?
If you could go back in time to change one thing, what would it be?
If you could share a meal with any 4 individuals, living or dead, who would they be?
How many pillows do you sleep with?
What's the longest you've gone without sleep and why?
What's the tallest building you've been to the top in?
Would you rather trade intelligence for looks or looks for intelligence?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What's the most daring thing you've ever done?
What was the last thing you recorded on TV?
What's your favorite type of foreign food?
Are you a clean or messy person?
Who would you want to play you in a movie of your life?
What kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What's your favorite fast food chain?
What's your favorite family recipe?
Do you love or hate rollercoasters?
What's your favorite family tradition?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
How old were you when you learned Santa wasn't real? How did you find out?
Is your glass half full or half empty?
What's the craziest thing you’ve done in the name of love?
What three items would you take with you on a deserted island?
What's the most unusual thing you've ever eaten?
Is there anything you wished would come back into fashion?
Which of the five senses would you say is your strongest?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
Are you related or distantly related to anyone famous?
What do you do to keep fit?
Does your family have a “motto” – spoken or unspoken?
If you were ruler of your own country what would be the first law you would introduce?
Who was your favorite teacher in school and why?
What three things do you think of the most each day?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
What song would you say best sums you up?
What celebrity would you like to meet at Starbucks for a cup of coffee?
What's the most interesting thing you can see out of your office or kitchen window?
On a scale of 1-10 how funny would you say you are?
If you could join any past or current music group which would you want to join?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
Who is the most intelligent person you know?
If you had to describe yourself as an animal, which one would it be?
What is one thing you will never do again?
Who knows you the best?
You got any grapes?
Have you got any grapes?
Do you have any grapes?
Cats are sincere.
I don't like alcohol.
What city are you from?
I'm Tom's parent.
Everyone gets it wrong at first.
I got stuck in a pothole on my way to work.
The golden flowers must've softened the fall.
Woe is you!
Woe to me!
I am damned!
I swear by all the saints!
Australia isn't real.
You at least, you like simplicity!
Her photographic memory makes her a great witness.
Continents are a social construct.
Tom sobbed.
Mary sobbed.
Mary was sobbing.
You know that I now have made hijacking my specialty.
It's as his name suggests.
It is good that those who have the knowledge pass it on to those who want to learn.
I put trust in her that she didn't deserve.
I put trust in him that he didn't deserve.
I put trust in them that they didn't deserve.
I trusted someone who didn't deserve it.
Pick a category.
Should I pick a category, or do you want to?
I must've lost the key on the way there.
I must've lost the key on the way.
Tom is still dead.
Tom claims he was drunk.
I need both.
Tom can't use those.
Pick a letter.
Pick a letter of the alphabet.
I'll have that.
Is this your homework, Tom?
"It's just like 1984!" "Is it really, though?"
You wouldn't want to miss it, hm?
Wow, this is just like 1984.
Is he, though?
The cat let out a plaintive meow.
The march was carried out under shell-fire, but the position was reached in time and the brigade deployed.
Our cat has terrible separation anxiety.
Our dog has terrible separation anxiety.
Tom bought a cuckoo clock, but his husband can't stand the noise.
"Good morning." "Coffee."
Tom insists on speaking Middle English to everyone.
Tom insists on speaking French to everyone.
An old Kabyle expression says: “O you, to whom I give slack to the rope, do not forget that I hold the other end."
Anyone who could say it wasn't a good idea would be in bad faith!
Why didn't the Eastern Roman Empire fall?
An accretion disk has formed around the star.
The tides cause sand to accrete on the shore.
The cat doesn't seem to like the smell of that at all.
Communists who still insist on following Lenin's ideas are more impervious to reason than many religious people.
Feelings aren't facts.
What can you even do about these problems?
Bill Gates doesn't need to microchip you. He already has you using Windows 10.
You're already paying to carry a tracking device around.
Nobody knows how to set the clock in a set-top box.
He laughs at us.
He will get what is coming to him!
Don't stand up to me!
It could happen anywhere.
The series finale was good, but the show itself was phenomenal.
Was there something in that punch?
Help yourself to some punch.
Laughter and tears always go together.
The pony has a six-pointed star on its flank.
Keep calm!
Stay on guard!
Tom and Mary live on the moon.
I swear by all the saints that we will never see the light as long as we continue to milk skinny goats hoping to extract butter from them!
Every dog is a good dog.
Every cat is a good cat.
Tom's goat gave birth to a litter of three kids.
Our goat gave birth to a litter of three kids.
Our goat had a litter of three kids.
Tom's goat had a litter of three kids.
My father bought a baby goat for two zuzim.
Where exactly is Boston?
Where exactly is Australia?
Keep aware!
As long as we are not aware, they or all of us, our society, theirs, our whole life would be the one that the dogs, wanting no more, would offer to the hyenas.
Freedom in need is much better than a poor marriage, since it is the horizon that we aim for head-on that can offer us the basic pillars of hope.
Our young women and men living under duress, those who do nothing but seek to lean on the shoulder of who does not have one, in the arms of companions whose property would have been granted by shameful procedures, baited as they were by futile charms and chimeras, all these must take their courage in both hands to seek a way out in order to come out of the deep darkness, by them themselves, whether they are men or women.
Those who are completely lost, those who believe they know how to differentiate an idiot from a miser or petty, when there can be a whole world between them, those who do not know that a man lives the same misery as they, they must know that he is missing a half, too.
What we cannot fail to deplore are those who deliberately keep their daughters in coercion or worse, send their children to the slaughterhouse. Otherwise, how could we not have kind words to those who, alas, undergo the yoke, are deprived of everything, even die of hunger, are beaten, murdered and cut to pieces to be delivered to the jackals?
Today, March 8, is the feast of the woman, they say. It may be our grandmother, our mother, our sister, our daughter, even more so the one with whom we face life, whether we agree or not.
Everyone's a translator.
Everyone is a translator.
It's upsetting.
Have you tried seitan?
I love seitan.
Seitan is a lifesaver.
Veganism is cheaper than smoking.
A vegan knocked on my door and wanted to talk to me about seitan.
Ah, him! If he tells you to go wash yourself, you should rather slather your face!
The cup is full!
I was never expecting them to pay me.
I love plums.
I think pomegranates are weird.
What even is a pomegranate?
I was in awe of the artistry on display.
I had no idea how much artistry could go into a sandwich.
Tom claims to be an ex-gay.
Royal families shouldn't exist.
Yair Stern made two attempts to collaborate with the Nazis.
Yair Stern was a terrible person and a traitor.
It's a national newspaper.
It's a local newspaper.
Down with America!
I'm not drunk enough for this.
It happened ten years ago.
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.
Some things shouldn't be forgiven.
It happened ten years ago today.
No one ever really leaves you.
I'm not sure most people understand the depth of cruelty that people are capable of.
Whoever invented the touchscreen monitor didn't have a cat.
It's not always clear where an idea originated.
You're not lost.
Is salsa a fruit salad?
Is ketchup a liquid?
Is ketchup a syrup?
It's a living tradition.
I'm an idealist.
I was an idealist.
I'm a cynic.
I was a cynic.
Peace is the full half of life, if not life itself.
I got my first dose of the vaccine.
He contracted a hernia from carrying heavy loads.
That perfect idiot always wakes me up!
Never give water to a donkey, if he is not thirsty.
Even though I think I am aware, the fact remains that I awkwardly ventured into a world where not all cats are gray.
Here, our expectations are spread over the reversing of the sheep's skins dried by the descendants of Koceila who wipe their faces for centuries, hoping to erase the humiliations they have suffered, as well as us, when the looters arose.
Most refused to take a side.
I love cuddling with cats.
My arm is sore.
Some traditions are dumb.
Germans are punctual.
Americans are religious fanatics.
Americans are optimists.
All Americans think they are going to be millionaires some day.
Americans always smile.
Can you pick up a case of beer on your way back?
Can you pick up a case of beer on the way back?
There's no Tom here.
I want to be a cat.
It was really trippy.
Tom is no Rembrandt.
Tom's no Rembrandt.
What do you really, really want?
Here is a blow that I did not expect!
If we start the story in French, who knows where it will take us?
How would you put this sentence in French?
How would you put it in French?
How would you say it in French?
What do you call it in French?
I can't think of the word for it.
"I can't think of the word for it." "How would you say it in French?"
"I can't think of the word for it." "Can you describe it?"
Dr. Seuss didn't have a doctorate.
I'm not trying to nitpick.
I don't think you're actually silenced.
It's more nuanced than that.
The enemy established a pupper state in Dogestan.
They will make us regress.
It is quite clear that they are going to make us regress.
Uranus is full of methane.
Everything that happens to you affects me.
Uranus hasn't been adequately probed.
I wish I could go to a ball.
I'd never been to Australia before.
I'd never been to Australia before that.
The North African peoples, like all the peoples of the world, will never be able to unite in the negation of their mutual neighbors.
We do not know if they see themselves as goats, crows or mischievous fairies.
Gluten is literally seitan.
I need more seitan in my life.
I practically worship seitan.
Every week we get together and talk about seitan.
Seitan is divine.
I haven't seen a straight person in three days.
Sex isn't a trophy.
Hay to this bad tool which is, in addition, rickety!
Sex isn't a competition.
I sleep on the bus.
I sleep in my car.
I live out of my car.
I have no permanent residence.
I have no permanent address.
If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.
When we were children, the grown-ups carried us astride.
I have the hiccups.
When someone has hiccups, some tell him that he stole the cat's share of meat.
What even is time?
Italian and Spanish fascism arose within constitutional monarchies.
That's a fairy tale.
I left my earmuffs at Tom's.
Those are cute earmuffs.
I don't want to just restate what Tom said.
Senator Jackson carefully cultivates the image of a maverick, but he toes the party line more often than not.
Compassion is an impulse towards those who are touched by misfortune; it brings them a little comfort and neither adds nor takes away from us.
I don't like most people named Tom, except for Tom Jackson. He's the outlier.
Tom Jackson will be the conference's keynote speaker.
Since the COVID-19 crisis began, there has been an upsurge in violence against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.
I feel like I'm always walking on eggshells when I'm with Tom.
My branch was pulled when yours broke.
I have an invisible disability.
I have an invisible illness.
Tom was very unhelpful.
Indentured servitude and chattel slavery are two completely different things.
Tom got Zucked.
“It is women who preserve our mother tongue. Ah, if they were all of your caliber!" Aksil said to his daughter-in-law.
Go ahead, write! And if, more of that, you translated, that would be perfect!
It's OK to lie to authority figures.
Tom got drunk and literally fell off the wagon.
Her new book takes the form of a series of vignettes.
I hate drama!
If such a thing as meritocracy existed, it would be gone within a generation.
Power begets power.
We have five cats.
We've got five cats.
I like to sing to my lizard.
I like to sing to my turtle.
That forest is haunted.
Someone was murdered in that forest, and their ghost still haunts it.
The good ol' days weren't good for most people.
The good old days weren't good for most people.
Stop, Tom. It's not funny anymore.
Ew.
We're all gay except for Tom and Mary.
We're all gay except for Tom.
I haven't seen a single cat this whole trip.
I don't live in Australia all year.
I don't live in Australia the whole year.
Do you act differently when you speak French?
Can you understand Tom's French?
Can you understand our French?
I can't understand Tom and Mary when they speak French to each other.
I can't understand Tom when he speaks French.
Do you ever dream in French?
Tom is a good person with a lot of flaws.
Tom's a good person with a lot of flaws.
Everyone has flaws.
Everybody has flaws.
"Everybody has flaws." "I don't."
"Everyone has flaws." "I don't."
This man is a luminary.
"We're all God's children." "I'm not."
Consent can be revoked at any time.
That was my cat typing.
I can't always understand people from Australia when they speak to each other.
Tom was surprised to learn that most Australians didn't speak German.
I want a pet pig.
Glass is an important material.
Someone drove by the house yelling "Cocksuckers!" in the middle of the night.
They were correct.
It has been sold.
Whoever has a bee farm expects to be stung.
Whoever excites wasps has only to blame himself.
To each his own cereal! Who peas, who lentils!
You must be Tom Jackson.
Are you Tom Jackson?
There are subliminal messages hidden all over Boston.
The subliminal messages don't affect Tom because he doesn't understand French.
Humans are silly.
Maestri Dil Sono was a good Ido-language music project.
"You're cute." "No, you're cute." "No, you're cute!" "No, you're cute!" "OK, I'm cute."
This car was bought last year from someone; it had cost a fortune.
That's a hot take if I've ever seen one.
It will scarcely be any easier on the people if the cudgel with which they are beaten is called the people's cudgel.
It will scarcely be any easier on the people if the stick with which they are beaten is called the people's stick.
Satanism is just inverted Christianity.
Our cat is always complaining.
You're really drunk, aren't you?
You're hammered, aren't you?
It's the rat race!
The cat purred.
Tom's a deadbeat.
You know Tom. Gay, furry, French speaker. Fursona is a possum. Ring a bell?
You know Tom. Six foot seven, big glasses. His boyfriend's John.
You know Tom, don't you? John's his boyfriend.
You know Tom, don't you? John's his husband.
I'm a fuckup.
It's off the books.
Cats have sandpaper tongues.
Cats' tongues are covered in little hooks made of keratin.
Tom was brought before the Central Committee.
Tom was brought in front of the Central Committee.
Do I smell?
Do I smell funny?
I have an oat spikelet across my throat.
They say March goes in like a lion and out like a lamb, but it's more complicated than that.
They say March goes in like a lion and out like a lamb.
I can't drink this coffee.
This coffee is too weak.
Have you ever seen Tom actually speak French?
Have you ever actually seen Tom in Boston?
No, we're not together. Just friends.
Have you ever actually seen Tom speak French?
We have ways of making you talk.
I'm named after my grandmother.
I'm named after my late grandmother.
I'm named after my grandfather.
I'm named after my late grandfather.
I'm named after my ancestor.
American mangoes aren't very good.
I don't watch sportsball.
Shoplifting is cool.
Shoplifting is good.
And?
I'm not sure what to say to that.
Tom's out of control.
It's been deleted from the logs.
Why are there cats in here?
Why aren't there any cats in here?
I'm never going to give you up.
Tom's cat hissed at Mary.
People need to hear your perspective, however unfashionable it may be.
Would you like a bib?
It's hard for me to get the cadence right when I speak Spanish.
Big Data is striving for omniscience.
Shoplifting is fun.
I've heard that shoplifting is fun.
I'm not too worried about it.
He will judge between the nations, and will decide concerning many peoples. They shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks. Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
They shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning hooks.
I smell a skunk.
I have anxiety.
I have severe anxiety.
I have generalized anxiety disorder.
I don't own a surfboard.
Everyone except for Tom brought a surfboard.
Mary's skirt was covered in an intricate pattern.
Tom used what John told him as leverage.
Leverage your strengths.
We need leverage if we're going to lift this.
Care for a game of badminton?
What's the difference between badminton and tennis?
It doesn't cost much!
Who told you to let Tom leave?
Who told you to let Tom in?
Who told you to let Tom out?
Who let Tom out?
Who let Tom leave?
Who let Tom go?
Who told you to let Tom go?
Our common language is Esperanto.
Our common language is French.
Trump went out of his way to exacerbate the pandemic at every opportunity.
I think, therefore I drink.
A broken clock is right twice a day.
I can attest to his innocence.
We stayed in a quaint bed and breakfast by the sea.
Didn't you know that bodies decompose?
I've never heard of someone stealing a muffler from a car before.
The indefinite article is used before countable nouns.
I'm not really willing to shell out $400 for a pair of headphones.
Take off your tinfoil hat.
My taste buds are tingling!
I always brought a packed lunch with me to school.
You can hook your computer up to the router with an ethernet cable.
He's not even 30 and he has a receding hairline.
His brother scrubbed the pan with a Brillo pad.
He bought a mini fridge for his dorm room.
Mice have been getting into his apartment through a hole in the wall.
One of the most important skills a debater can have is to deliver cogent arguments in a clear manner.
He was very influential and was known as a major player in the industry.
Some birds migrate to roost during specific seasons.
Her seasickness wasn't helped by the choppy sea.
Marijuana is now legal in New York State.
Tom was baptized by triple immersion.
The priest read the prayers of absolution over Tom after hearing his confession.
Tom listened attentively to the priest's homily.
Tom's spiritual father told him to receive Communion at least twice during the fast.
You deserve good things.
I deserve good things.
Beg me to eat.
If you don't come down, I'll be the one going up.
This composition is in the key of A-minor.
Tom has been sitting in the other room noodling on his guitar all afternoon.
I think what Tom's doing is wrong.
I think that what Tom's doing is wrong.
Tom's the talk of the town.
I don't believe Tom's stories about Boston.
Either you kill yourself or I'll make sure to be widowed.
Tom was my son.
Tom was my husband.
Tom was my father.
Tom is always the victim.
Tom's always the victim.
I could never really get into jazz.
The song has an interesting melodic line.
We should build bridges, not walls.
What makes a great musician?
You can't win if you don't play.
You can't win the lottery if you don't buy a ticket.
"Huh?" "Nothing, I just coughed. That was all."
The lion roared ferociously.
The company was able to ramp up sales by hiring more employees and streamlining working practices.
I dropped a piece of tofu and my cat ate it.
I woke up with my cat's butt in my face.
Broken people find each other.
I don't understand why Tom would want to go back to Boston after all that.
I don't understand why Tom wants to go back to Boston after all that.
Was that today or yesterday?
Was that yesterday or the day before?
Tom turned into a donkey.
A group of about 40 counterprotesters showed up to the rally.
I hate my brain.
They accused him of promoting Nestorianism in his works.
They know they're wrong.
It should be arriving Friday.
She was appalled by West Egg, this unprecedented "place" that Broadway had begotten upon a Long Island fishing village—appalled by its raw vigor that chafed under the old euphemisms and by the too obtrusive fate that herded its inhabitants along a short-cut from nothing to nothing.
It is a simple corollary of our definition that the most special of substantives, proper names, cannot be turned into adjectives (or adjuncts, see below) without really losing their character of proper names and becoming more general.
Whereas the junction is more stiff or rigid, the nexus is more pliable; it is, as it were, animate or articulated.
It would evidently be utterly impracticable to throw the whole traditional nomenclature overboard and create a totally new one.
Sound and signification, form and function, are inseparable in the life of language.
Nothing was more frequent than for a bailiff to seize Jack by the shoulders, and cry, "Mr. Peter, you are the king's prisoner."
Tom did a dab to celebrate the legalization of cannabis in New York.
He said, Look at the world, there was good and evil in that; look at the ecclesiastical law, there was good and evil in THAT.
As Paul says, it is really perfectly gratuitous ("es ist im grunde reine willkur") to call the case we have in German (and Old English) a dative, for besides the functions of the dative it fulfils the functions of the old locative, ablative, and instrumental.
If we alter the construction of such sentences, the missing antecedent is often restored.
The logician as such, with his predilection for water-tight compartments in the realm of ideas, is not concerned with what to me as a linguist seems a most important question, viz. how is it to be explained that a sequence of sounds with no meaning at all suddenly from non-connotative becomes connotative, and that this new full meaning is at once accepted by the whole speaking community?
I'm not sure what I'm going to have for dinner.
I heard they gave you a medal.
Trust in God but lock your car.
Trust God but lock your car.
In France, there are people who want to use inclusive writing which does not differentiate between men and women.
In North America, the word "sherbet" refers to a sorbet with milk.
Is it impossible or just difficult?
Is it impossible or just hard?
Not all swallows are migratory.
How do we know we can trust you?
I think they did you a great disservice.
Mary and Alice are Tom's mothers.
Tom and John are Mary's fathers.
Just pull the wishbone apart while making a wish.
Getting her to study English is like pulling teeth.
Empty the coffee grounds after you're done brewing.
Geese were honking loudly as they flew overhead.
Tom wears his hat backwards.
I usually use a French press to make coffee.
Tom said he wasn't into chick flicks.
You're going to have to delve deeper if you want to get to the truth.
What's in the secret sauce?
Tom bought a new kind of pasta from the store to spice things up a bit.
Tom hasn't been clued in yet.
The comment didn't go over well with her parents.
Tom had the sense to get out of there before things turned sour.
Tom was lobotomized.
Hedgehogs have quills.
Tom's studio smells like turpentine.
Tom regularly cleaned his ears out with Q-tips.
Tom is secretly a robot.
Spanish is closer to Portuguese than it is to Catalan.
Find me a pizza.
Tom is a paladin.
Tom's character is a paladin.
He fled to Canada to dodge the draft.
It's safe to say he won't be invited back any time soon.
Happy Margaret Thatcher Death Day!
Tom likes dipping cookies in milk.
Tom dunked the Oreo in milk for too long and it became soggy.
Tom got so angry that he flipped off the other driver.
Tom didn't say anything, but he made an obscene gesture before walking away.
Tom was seen on surveillance camera footage stuffing merchandise down his pants.
Someone stole the manhole cover.
The captain had the unsuccessful mutineers flogged.
When learning Russian, it's important to understand the difference between perfective and imperfective verbs.
The voices in Tom's head speak French.
Royalty shouldn't exist.
Tom declared himself King of Australia.
A woman's place is wherever she wants to be.
Now I know exactly what to get you for your birthday.
It's a bad addiction and I need to quit for good.
Tom practices self-flagellation.
Binging and purging are signs that someone may have bulimia.
After I started working full-time, a lot of my hobbies fell by the wayside.
This issue is quite painful for Tom, so try to bring it up to him delicately.
Mary could hear the sounds of muffled laughter through the wall.
No shirt, no shoes, no service.
Tom deflected the blow by raising his right arm.
What the fuck is wrong with people?
I've had my share of run-ins with the law.
Do you think you could pitch in $10 for Tom's birthday present?
Tom's mind is in the gutter.
It's not out of the question.
I am once again asking for your financial support.
That's a hornet, not a bee.
Mary can't get her headphones untangled.
Their project hopes to revitalize a moribund language.
Novices often have more luck finding something arcane than seasoned researchers because of the power of creative thinking and serendipity.
When she sewed, he thought, she made a sound like a kettle on the hob; bubbling, murmuring, always busy, her strong little pointed fingers pinching and poking; her needle flashing straight.
But it is not only the flag itself that elicits strong reactions. In some cases, just the radial pattern design of the flag is enough.
According to the United Nations, Zimbabwe is probably facing its worst humanitarian crisis with more than 5.5 million in need of food aid because of recurring droughts and the moribund economy.
Tom and Mary are such an adorkable couple.
Tom's been acting a little loopy ever since he started taking that new medicine.
My contribution is still pending approval.
Tom installed security cameras on his property to deter thieves.
Police presence in the neighborhood was increased as a measure to deter crime.
Peaches are fuzzy.
Childbearing isn't easy.
Mary has childbearing hips.
Tom struggled to lift the heavy dumbbell.
Russian nouns can be masculine, feminine, or neuter.
He had a pretty gnarly gash on his arm.
One of the functions of the genitive case in Russian is to denote possession.
Just say no to simplistic solutions.
Nationalism is dumb.
Tom sold out.
Merry Mary, marry me.
"Who's winning?" "We're not keeping score."
His argument was based entirely on anecdotal evidence.
Affirming the consequent is an example of a formal logical fallacy.
Don't overthink that.
It's not warm enough out to open the window.
I wish saber-toothed cats still existed.
The world as we know it is probably going to end within the next century.
The world as we know it is going to end within the next century.
Sea levels are going to rise drastically.
We're at the beginning of a global mass extinction event.
Increased CO₂ levels are significantly contributing to a general lack of nutrients in our crops.
Tom started a scrap metal recycling business.
Tom went dumpster diving.
Tom's shirt was heavily creased and in need of a good ironing.
The dealer suspected Tom of counting cards.
Tom learned how to count cards from his father.
Tom was caught using loaded dice.
I just left a hipster coffee shop in downtown Boston.
I doubt that branch can support your weight.
Tom's shortcut to school involved hopping a fence.
The kittens are chasing each other around the house.
He hopped the fence to the rail yard.
Something burrowed under our fence.
Someone stole the hubcaps off our car!
I know from my conversations with women around the country, particularly older women, that far too many think they don't need mammograms because they are past their childbearing years.
Tom's car had no license plates.
Where population is balanced and abundant, much childbearing becomes an evil rather than a blessing to the State.
Glancing upward, I saw the aperture, a small blue disc, in which a star was visible.
Mammography can mean the difference between life and death for millions of women.
Tom bought Yanni a journal.
The neighbor has a beautiful long-haired cat.
Tom doesn't like new wave music.
Mary only listens to new wave music.
The tabby is lying on my foot.
Yiddish is fun.
We used to have an 8088.
By serendipity, I ran into Tom and Mary in Boston.
Tom works in the registrar's office of his alma mater.
Did your parents have a camcorder?
There is a faculty which Horace Walpole named "serendipity," — the luck of falling on just the literary document which one wants at the moment.
All collectors of out of the way books know the pleasure of the exercise of serendipity, but they enjoy it in different ways.
How much does that dumbbell weigh?
Every collector of the old French vignettes should possess himself of the "Guide de l'amateur," by M. Henry Cohen (Rouquette, Paris, 1880).
He cannot go far wrong while he brings together the books that he finds most congenial to his own taste and most useful to his own studies.
A scholar is rarely a rich man.
There are relics of the age before circulating libraries, there are fragments of the lettered store of some scholarly great-grandfather, and these, with a few odd numbers of magazines, a few primers and manuals, some sermons and novels, make up the ordinary library of an English household.
In their catalogues, MM. Morgand and Fatout print a facsimile of the frontispiece of this very rare edition.
The facsimile proved that the inscription was genuine.
The facsimile here given is from the latter book.
When a book is covered in cloth of a good dark tint it may be allowed to remain unbound, but the primrose and lilac hues soon call out for the aid of the binder.
Among sundry conventional decorations after the old German fashion in the first edition of the "Quadrupeds," there are a fair number of those famous tail-pieces which, to a good many people, constitute Bewick's chief claim to immortality.
Their general literary merit was not obtrusive, although, of course, they sometimes contained work which afterwards became famous.
My girlfriend is doing a dab.
What can the eyes do if the brain is “blind”?
I hated the 2000s.
Everything was so religious.
We're in orbit around a gas giant.
Tom spent two years in juvenile detention.
The boards are held together using only wood glue.
Our equipment is very cumbersome.
Making excellent products is only part of the equation.
Organization is a major part of the equation.
Health problems are ubiquitous.
Tom ducked under the railing and stepped out into the alley.
Tom's restaurant was visited by the health inspector.
The floor is covered in rodent droppings.
Tom became convinced that mining guano would be a lucrative business venture.
The comment section is a microcosm of the larger cultural debate taking place.
If you want to stop being a hoarder, you have to learn to let things go.
Just looking through the windows, you could tell the house belonged to a hoarder.
The gangs in Tom's neighborhood are engaged in a violent turf war.
The heretic was anathematized.
Nestorius was anathematized in 451 at the Council of Chalcedon.
Tom grew up in a tenement.
This jambalaya is excellent!
That's how it works, and the only way it can work.
That's the only way it can work.
Everyone's too busy scamming each other to save the environment.
It's never been clear.
Is this your pot-bellied pig?
All the time she suffered no pain, and also she suffered none in giving birth to her son, for pious women are not included in the curse pronounced upon Eve, decreeing sorrow in conception and in childbearing.
I'm always confused.
I don't wear shoes.
This website doesn't allow users to change their screen name.
Tom used underscores instead of spaces in his screen name.
Tom was tonsured a monk.
He entered the novitiate.
He hasn't been tonsured yet; he's a novice.
The monk took a vow of silence.
He made the sign of the cross over his young daughter.
He fasted throughout the entirety of Great Lent.
Tom knows he's wrong.
Tom knows he's wrong; that's the worst part.
I can't hear you. The line is breaking up.
These things are and always will be arbitrary.
There will never be a uniform and universally accepted standard for determining the boundaries of languages and dialects.
Don't eat yellow snow.
There used to be lions in the Levant.
There are lions in India.
There used to be lions in Iran.
Iraq's last lion was killed in 1918.
The goal of Christianity was to destabilize Judea and make it ripe for direct Roman rule.
Leave your drama at the door.
Learning a language includes learning to be political.
His answer was laconic.
The camera came in for a closeup.
Was there shrinkage or is it normally that small?
Tom adjusted the opacity of the layer.
Be sure to restate the question in your answer.
Shrinkage may occur.
Captain Jackson is in charge of the flagship.
Not everything bad is literally the Holocaust.
Tom's face was pallid.
Noxious fumes may be present.
Her poems subvert the dominant narrative of "Western civilization."
I didn't bring any earmuffs.
This is not a thoroughfare.
We're fed up with the whole debacle.
Should we remove the outliers from our analysis?
Your views aren't unfashionable so much as unconscionable.
Tom is blissfully unaware of how unfashionable he is.
Cats are not apex predators.
Let me get my camcorder.
Tom noticed the easel in the corner of Mary's room.
There's an envoy from Australia here to see you.
You're in the wrong forum.
I unclogged the sink.
Tom and Mary are grandfathered in at a lower rent for their apartment.
Toki Pona is grandfathered in as a language without an ISO 639-3 code at Tatoeba.
Tom is grandfathered in with an unlimited data plan.
Tom has eleven toes.
Dates are nature's candy.
Are these rutabagas?
What am I going to do with rutabagas?
I ate a whole box of dates.
You should try these apples.
Ashkenaz was the Medieval Hebrew term for Germany.
Sepharad was the Medieval Hebrew term for Spain, and remains the Modern Hebrew term for the country.
In Medieval Hebrew the Christian world was referred to as Edom.
Slavic lands were referred to as Canaan in Medieval Hebrew.
I'm hallucinating people.
It's really not that important.
This last statement is true, of course.
Being LGBT theoretically does not imply a political affiliation, but when a party is promising to destroy your life, believe them.
There's a dark side to optimism.
The Nazis couldn't have succeeded without the support of people who weren't monsters but were pursuing personal goals and interests, or were deluded into seeing the Nazis differently from who they plainly were.
I guess I'm not going anywhere any time soon.
I didn't order any rutabagas.
Name every capital.
Capitalist, eh? Name every capital.
The benefits will be commensurate with the size of the project.
Gas giants are beautifully weird.
When Tom crashed his car, the airbags deployed instantly.
This car is equipped with airbags.
I need to buy windshield wiper fluid.
He is not so much a humorist as a satirist of the Thackeray type — unsparing in his denunciation of shams, affectations, and flimsy pretences of all kinds.
The calendar, the hours, the seven psalms, and the litany are in almost all the manuscripts.
I don't want to end up having to pay an overdraft fee.
He did it with the finesse we've come to expect from Tom.
He's in a program for indigent patients.
A man in a long duster had dismounted from the wreck and now stood in the middle of the road, looking from the car to the tire and from the tire to the observers in a pleasant, puzzled way.
Tom, you're the duster this week. Mary, you're the sweeper. I'm the dishwasher.
The cat went after my feather duster.
Those are dusters. We need dry erasers.
Adrenochrome is not psychoactive and is easily synthesized.
Some hippie writers invented the idea of a drug called "adrenochrome" which does not actually exist, but is homonymous with a non-psychoactive pigment.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Tom bought an airsoft gun.
Airsoft guns can be dangerous.
Mary's in the hospital with a pulmonary embolism.
It's near what looks like a little gully.
In many jurisdictions, banks are not allowed to charge overdraft fees and must simply refuse to pay any charges that are higher than the customer's balance.
What are the industrial applications of boron?
Boron is formed by cosmic ray spallation.
Boron was first isolated from borax.
Everything else is just filler.
The addition, from whatever source it was obtained, does not appear to me to be at all apposite, and therefore I conceive it to be spurious.
Most of the album is filler.
Tom is John's consigliere.
Tom works as a concierge.
Tom works at John's hotel as a concierge.
Tom's in the hospital with a pulmonary embolism.
Tom likes to eat radishes whole.
I always thought Rio was the capital of Brazil.
I always thought Dubai was the capital of the Emirates.
I always thought Istanbul was the capital of Turkey.
I always thought Sydney was the capital of Australia.
I always thought Almaty was the capital of Kazakhstan.
I always thought Toronto was the capital of Canada.
I always thought Vienna was the capital of Australia.
Tom's pay was docked for making a late delivery.
My boss docked my pay for leaving early.
Technology is wild.
Tom volunteers in a community outreach program designed to help homeless people.
Outreach programs are the main source of support for at-risk teens in this community.
None of our other problems are going to matter if the world becomes uninhabitable.
Love changes everything.
Love changes almost everything.
Terms like "woke" and "cancel culture" are used by the right as filler to disguise the lack of substance in their arguments.
The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are 90 percent effective.
The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are 10 percent ineffective.
You still need to wear a mask until herd immunity is achieved, because you could be part of the 10 percent for whom the vaccine was not effective.
When sued for defamation, Tucker Carlson offered the defense that no reasonable person would believe anything he says.
When sued for defamation, Sidney Powell offered the defense that no reasonable person would believe anything she says.
You still need to wear a mask until herd immunity is achieved.
God is the world champion of hide-and-seek.
Tom suspects that everyone is talking about him.
That's the Indonesian flag, not the Polish flag.
The package is in Queens.
These words mean different things, so don't mix them up.
Tom is a dog groomer.
Tom is going through withdrawal.
Mary is Alice's middle name.
Thomas is John's middle name, so he goes by Tom.
Tom turned his life around.
In Ashkenazi and most forms of Mizrahi Hebrew, the letter tav has two different pronunciations depending on whether a dagesh is present.
I used to be homeless.
The rich are like cats: they can't help but pull the strings.
Your job will be to liaise with our clients.
Police arrested 38 students and three teachers Tuesday from various secondary schools in connection with the leakage of six examination papers that were shared through social media.
I can't believe it's going to snow tomorrow.
It arrived today.
It's the twentieth of April.
Tom isn't French.
Tom isn't Australian.
Tom's not Australian.
Tom's not Jewish.
I forgot to ask Tom if he wanted to go to Australia.
I forgot to ask Tom whether he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told John to tell Mary to tell Alice to tell me to tell you that we can't go to Australia this year.
You have to study a lot harder.
You have to study a lot harder than that.
The coffee was delicious; thank you.
I love my girlfriend.
I love my boyfriend.
I love my partner.
I love my spouse.
If you listen to the most toxic elements of a fandom, you end up with a movie like The Rise of Skywalker.
One way cats show affection is by spending a lot of time around you.
The cat coughed up a hairball.
Leopold II of Belgium was a monster.
Leopold II of Belgium was a psychopath.
Jordan Peterson is a joke.
Fuck the Queen.
God smite the queen.
America isn't the only imperialist power.
The effort to remake Trump's image after the fact is continuously being undermined by the man himself, who has never changed and never will.
Tom's first name is actually John; Thomas is his middle name.
The cat is purring in my lap.
What can I do for my cat's birthday?
What can I do for my dog's birthday?
Why are ducklings yellow?
I'm Jewish.
A magician never reveals their tricks.
Adult cats are the size of human babies.
I know Tom knows I know.
I know that Tom knows that I know.
I know Tom knows that I know.
I know that Tom knows I know.
I don't live there.
Will you help me build a computer?
Let's fuck.
Tom is so weird; how could anyone not like cake?
Why are ducks called ducks?
I've got everything.
Stalin was a bad person.
Look! A kitty!
Everyone, relax.
Everyone, calm down.
This is where the problem lies!
This is why I often multiply the translations: it is to pull the rug out from under the feet of those who shamelessly plagiarize us.
Is that a good multivitamin?
"The walls are breathing." "Yep, that's mushrooms for you."
She was only wearing her nightdress when the roundup happened.
Tom writes in Esperanto for optimum expressiveness.
A ragtag group of anarchists is squatting in abandoned buildings in Boston.
They're squatting in a ramshackle old factory at the moment.
The revolution kicked into overdrive.
Tom's incendiary rhetoric has no place here.
Tom is known for his incendiary rhetoric.
Tom's incendiary speech kicked the revolution into overdrive.
Tom gave an incendiary speech in a ramshackle old factory.
My sentences are original: this is why those who shamelessly plagiarize me denounce themselves.
The infection has reached the bone.
Fuck the universe.
Those who know are aware; too bad for those who do not know.
Tom is an old fart.
Tom's an old fart.
As soon as he started to move, he hit his toe against a stone.
He meddles with what does not concern him.
The genet, mongoose and weasel are small carnivorous animals that love to feed on snakes and rodents and sometimes wreak havoc in poultry houses.
You have no self-confidence.
You have no self-esteem.
I'm not allowed to let you in there.
I'm not in the mood to argue with you.
This time ten years ago, I was in a horrible state.
We're worried about you, Tom.
We worry about you, Tom.
Righty tighty, lefty loosey.
Is there life on Earth?
Was Karl Marx a communist?
Tom Jackson is a partisan hack.
Tom Jackson is a hack.
Mr. Jackson was my favorite teacher.
Mr. Jackson was the best teacher I ever had.
Tom's a utilitarian.
Tom is a utilitarian.
His callously utilitarian outlook doesn't earn him many friends.
They couldn't win an election fairly, so their only recourse was to gerrymander.
Tom is following a rigorous training regimen.
What's your exercise regimen?
When we are hungry, we do not look at the sauce.
People have to do things to survive.
You can't eat prayer.
The Soviet Union itself never claimed to be communist, only a socialist country building a future communist society.
Utilitarian philosophers have tried to justify some messed-up things.
There were once Sephardi pirates in the Caribbean.
He's telling people what they want to hear.
He's telling people what they want to hear for personal gain.
The punishment is more immoral than the crime.
The punishment is worse than the crime.
Did aliens bomb Sodom and Gomorrah?
It wasn't very long ago that Europeans were burning heretics at the stake.
Giordano Bruno was both a madman and a genius.
I think the cat is dreaming — she's moving her paws.
Where do gerbils come from?
Where are wild gerbils found?
Why is Dutch so funny?
Why is Yiddish so funny?
Why is Yiddish so similar to German?
Why is Esperanto important?
Nothing is real.
I bought a bag of potatoes.
I bought a potato.
The Kabyle people are resilient; when they want, they harden more than granite.
Larry Kudlow claims Biden is going to force Americans to drink "plant-based beer."
For every nationality, Yiddish has separate words for Jews and non-Jews.
Drugs cost money.
Cats are the bridges between dimensions.
Drugs cost money. Being weird is free.
Those are bears.
Why is French so hard?
Why is Australia called the Land Down Under?
It's almost May.
Neptune is so beautiful.
The planet Neptune is so beautiful.
I want a tail.
This site is selling tails that move, but they're expensive.
Does this look moldy to you?
Does this smell OK to you?
Does this bread seem stale to you?
Do you want to ride along?
Do you want to come along for the ride?
This little guy is Tom.
This little fellow is Tom.
Do you mean the planet or the god?
Do you mean the planet or the goddess?
Sorry; did you say eighty or eighteen?
Gene patents are not legitimate.
Change is necessary and possible.
Why is Neptune blue?
Tom believes his cause is just, but he's not making honest arguments.
Tom wants everyone to like him.
When education ends, learning begins.
Learning is the next step after education.
Tom made only a perfunctory effort to dissuade Mary.
Mike Godwin himself rejects the alleged corollary to his famous law, that whoever makes a Nazi comparison has lost the argument.
The sheer volume of disinformation is difficult to rebut.
I'm disillusioned with everything.
The brain has multiple perceptual systems.
Tom is a harbinger of misfortune.
God did it.
There are quite a few ways to express derision in Esperanto.
You have a right to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
Your poem would be more powerful if you cut the final stanza.
I find the third stanza weak.
Tom is ineligible for this award.
Tom wears a frock, but he's not a priest.
Tom is more of a pusher than a dealer.
All mammals are cynodonts.
Reptiles are more closely related to mammals than to amphibians.
Even if misery does not kill, peace does not nourish either.
There is no better taste than that of honey.
You can't eat peace.
Tom Jackson was an evil man.
Tom Jackson was a saintly man.
A hurtful word continues to dig like a knife.
A bad word continues to hurt for a very long time.
Tom Jackson was a flawed person.
While sowing, the peasants said: “O earth, may you satisfy the plow and the sack of seed."
Our oldest cat turned 18.
Tom doesn't believe what he's saying.
Tom's heart isn't in it anymore.
Tom's outsides no longer match his insides.
What is clean will remain so; while what is dirty until the grime, it will be difficult to wash.
In the ancient world, dogs were trained to lick people's wounds as a form of medicine.
This practice is not recommended.
Think of where dogs put their tongues.
Why is Mexico City sinking?
When threatened, ants have a surprisingly painful bite.
This enormous longhorn beetle is found around mango and fig trees.
The salamander is called queen of the water because it camouflages itself and appears when the weather is raining; this is why the Kabyle peasants wait for her to come out to begin plowing.
People believe Paul Wexler's nonsense because they want to believe it.
People believe Shlomo Sand's nonsense because they want to believe it.
People are more inclined to believe in pseudoscience that flatters their preconceived notions.
Tom's just going through the motions.
Peace without justice is a ceasefire.
Lizards are more closely related to humans than to salamanders.
I think Tom thinks I think too much.
Venus once had oceans.
Why is Jupiter so beautiful?
The surface of Venus is hot enough to melt lead.
Happy May Day!
How common is intelligent life?
How hard would it be to terraform Mars?
How hard would it be to terraform Venus?
I don't know; I'm just a cat.
I don't know enough French to make out what they're saying.
I think that Tom thinks that I think that.
You care too much about what other people think.
I think Tom joined the Moonies.
Has anyone ever actually met this "Tom Jackson"?
Tom wishes Tatoeba would stop stalking him.
Qur'an chanting is pretty.
I miss hearing the Call to Prayer, even though the first one came way too early.
Arabic calligraphy is beautiful.
There are good and bad people of all religions, and this is also true of secularists.
There are things in the Torah that don't look great to a modern reader, just as there are in the Christian and Muslim scriptures.
Richard Dawkins is proof that you don't need religion to be a terrible person.
Richard Dawkins is more racist, sexist, and chauvinistic than many religious people.
The branch loaded with fruit inevitably bends.
"You're from Australia, right?" Tom asked Mary. "Do you have any vegemite?" "Of course," Mary responded and, reaching into her purse, pulled out a jar.
For much of my life, Ronald Reagan was the oldest U.S. president in history, and now he's the third oldest.
You're doing the best you can.
Be kind and gentle with yourself.
Tom could've turned his life around.
I wonder what Tom would be like if he were still alive.
Tom had all the potential in the world.
I still hear Tom's voice sometimes.
Tom could've fixed it.
Tom didn't have to kill himself.
We're not like Tom and Mary.
You never know which Tom you're going to get.
"Give me your head to eat it and I promise you a big bag of oats," said the lion to the donkey. The latter laughed out loud and replied: "And then who is going to eat the oats?"
Your son doesn't look like you.
I'm not a translator.
We're not translators.
Even if I wasn't afraid of spiders, I wouldn't want to keep one as a pet.
I'm not an interpreter.
We're not interpreters.
I could've been a translator.
I could've been an interpreter.
If you had tried to make a better first impression, your neighbors would probably be kinder to you.
Shoes are expensive.
Would he be so generous to those in need if he hadn't experienced the devastating effects of poverty firsthand as a child?
He wouldn't be serving a life sentence in jail right now if he hadn't killed a man.
My uncle won't be eligible for parole for another 8 months.
Mary got a tracheal shave.
Mary got a trachea shave.
Meet me on the wharf.
Did you spill something on my book?
What happened to the book I lent you?
You awaken primal urges in me.
Education is the bedrock of civilization.
Tom bought me my first turntable.
Tom can be overbearing, but he's a generous man.
Boston is a relatively opulent city.
Is a friar the same thing as a priest?
They're trying to gerrymander their way to power.
It's a lopsided conflict.
Help is available to indigent borrowers.
I intend to juxtapose Senator Jackson's words and his actions in this supercut.
At this point, it's inescapable.
The inescapable conclusion is that Senator Jackson has abandoned his constituents for corporate lobbyists.
Tom won his court case.
Mary lost her court case.
Tom took Mary to small claims court.
I was a bit tired, so I took the escalator instead of the stairs.
Tom ran up the down escalator.
I am a native speaker of the penguin language.
It's not warm enough to open the window.
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Allergies."
She stopped taking Prozac because it gave her a manic episode.
I keep a little dope around for real emergencies.
I would love to have met Carl Sagan.
It's definitely running faster now.
The cats are fascinated by this latest turn of events.
I've always wanted to make a Tatoeba clone for conlangs without ISO codes.
Happy birthday, Karl Marx!
The Jackson family fell into disrepute after Tom's arrest.
Tom's conduct brought his family into disrepute.
I'll explain by way of a parable.
Let me explain by way of a parable.
Mayor Jackson brought Boston into considerable disrepute.
Why am I always hungry?
Foreign expressions can give speech a certain je ne sais quoi.
You've been safe for a long time now.
It's all in the past.
You're not there anymore.
She's not in your life anymore.
She can't hurt you anymore.
He can't hurt you anymore.
He's not in your life anymore.
I've always thought Tom had a certain je ne sais quoi.
I've always thought Boston had a certain je ne sais quoi.
I expected better from you, Tom.
The Italian Jewish rite has elements of both Sephardi and Ashkenazi traditions.
I can't pay attention to all those things at once.
There's too much on the screen for me to look at.
Are you a native French speaker?
Abolish intellectual property.
It was a bad take.
Tom has mellowed out.
As you're trying to figure out how all this time has passed, time keeps passing.
If there's a cabal orchestrating everything in this world, it's no wonder they're embarrassed to own up to it.
Today I learned that the word "cabal" is derived from "Kabballah."
Mary glomped Alice.
It doesn't bother me either way.
This word is derived from French.
I'm the Queen of Antarctica.
"You're gorgeous." "Why do people say that? I'm not."
How do you solve for the coefficient of a fraction?
A glottal stop is a consonant articulated by closing and opening the glottis.
Tom's the decoy.
Theodore Roosevelt coined the term "bully pulpit" to refer to the U.S. presidency as a place from which to advocate one's views.
Cats are capricious.
Don't tell Tom I was born in Boston.
I forgot the combination to my locker.
You just have to go out well dressed: no one knows how you went to bed.
The waterskin is a sheepskin or goat skin sewn in the shape of a bag and serving as a receptacle.
I'm going to let you finish.
Many languages have developed reflexive pronouns, by means of which many ambiguities are obviated.
I will remand the order I despatched to my banker.
Did you ever hear that my father was an avaricious, grasping man?
I saw he was of the material from which Nature hews her heroes.
To him, in his present fractious mood, she dared whisper no observations, nor ask of him any information.
This food is past its expiration date.
In a world that is really upside down, the true is a moment of the false.
Make sure to thaw the chicken out before cooking.
The meat can be thawed by leaving it in the fridge overnight.
Tom is thawing out some chicken wings.
What's the best way to thaw beef?
He left the beef out on the counter to thaw.
She decided to thaw the meat in the microwave.
I'm tired of all the lies.
Did you buy something with my credit card?
The package is here.
Give me some time to check.
It’s been like this since the dawn of time.
People can believe whatever they want as long they don’t infringe upon anyone’s individual freedom.
Your position is unprovable and unsound.
You’ll have to summarize it for me.
That sounds like a personal problem.
I agree with the ethics of the movement as a whole.
I no longer have to interact with people I have little to nothing in common with.
Tom has a natural revulsion towards weirdos with bad hobbies.
How much of your own autonomy are you ceding to these people?
Most people don’t even know, let alone care about this.
It’s amazing how a little bit of effort can result in significant progress.
How much fruit is grown domestically?
Is there a noticeable difference?
The case is remanded to the lower court.
He stopped at the garage for a pneumatic mattress that had amused his guests during the summer, and the chauffeur helped him pump it up.
His speaking voice, a gruff husky tenor, added to the impression of fractiousness he conveyed.
It was this night that he told me the strange story of his youth with Dan Cody— told it to me because "Jay Gatsby" had broken up like glass against Tom's hard malice and the long secret extravaganza was played out.
Yes, I live here.
During his lifetime, he was always deprived of date fruits; when he died, he was offered a whole bunch.
Are you sure you're a native French speaker?
Tom has more heart than brains.
PTSD can steal your life.
A rule that works for a large global language like English might not work for a small minority language.
I love cockatiels.
Cockatiels are parrots.
No, you can't drink a cockatiel.
The Yiddish word for hornet is ferdbin, which means "horse-bee."
Moses was the greatest of the prophets, but he was not a perfect person.
Malachi was the last of the prophets.
It's best not to try to reconcile the contradictions.
Contradictions are part of reality.
Tom's a bit of a troll.
Dogs will eat just about anything.
The only thing I've ever seen a dog turn down was spam.
Constructions more common to Biblical Hebrew are still not unheard of in Modern Hebrew, and the reverse is usually true as well.
Is everything alright in there?
Why is shoplifting bad?
Brigadier General Flavia Byekwaso, the army spokesperson, said those responsible for the attacks will be held to account.
A short time later, the 15 were remanded to custody after justice officials appealed the bail decision.
The Labor Ministry last year launched a campaign to end child labor in brick kilns and announced it would crack down on brick kiln owners that still employ children.
In 2017, in Jammu, local BJP leaders launched a campaign demanding all Rohingya who live in slums and eke out their living by doing menial jobs be expelled from the city.
I don't think this is a matter of some datum of information that I'm waiting on. It's a matter of making certain that when I send young men and women into war, and I devote billions of dollars of U.S. taxpayer money, that it's making us safer.
Miners working in rotating shifts will dig a 4-meter passage with picks and pneumatic hammers from the bottom of the shaft toward the borehole, which is 100 meters (300 feet) deep and just 25 cm wide.
Tom lives in his mother's basement.
Horse racing is cruel and inhumane.
The aliens are coming.
A bully gave Tom a swirly.
Look! A bunny!
"We need more synergy." "What does that mean?"
We're all hustlers.
Capitalism makes everyone a hustler.
Is this really a quote by Tom Jackson?
Tom wanted to see Wales.
Bad people sometimes agree with good things for the wrong reason.
Pluralism is the only way forward.
Is this a sentence?
Is this a run-on sentence?
Good people sometimes support the wrong things for the right reasons.
Disinformation is everywhere.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why the long face?"
I can't tell if his face has been photoshopped or not.
Tom isn't going away.
Tom's not going away.
I'm tired of hearing everybody's hot takes.
Aristotle considered eudaimonia to be the highest human good.
His name is Mario, and he could pass for the character.
Conservatives are more celebrity-obsessed than most people. When a celebrity has an opinion, we rarely hear about it until conservatives start complaining about it.
My brother had two hedgehogs as a kid, and they had babies.
You can handle hedgehogs when their quills are down, even pet them.
More than one thing can be bad at the same time.
Oh yes, thank you!
Trump is a narcissist.
Trump never misses an opportunity to make something about him.
You get the friends you deserve.
The Central Committee branded Tom a counterrevolutionary.
They didn't let me in because my shorts were too short.
My ancestors wrote it.
Our ancestors wrote it.
Rickrolling is an old meme.
Tom's diverticulosis turned into diverticulitis.
Tom is a heritage speaker of French.
Tom is a gnome.
Tom is a goblin.
Tom is the spirit of happiness that lives within us all.
Tom is a sentient cactus.
What is this cacophony?
Contribute to Wiktionary.
Continue reading.
Play with the cats.
Watch cat videos on YouTube.
Do breathing exercises.
Talk with your partners.
Talk with your partner.
Go outside for a walk.
Go for a walk outside.
Listen to guided muscle relaxation exercises.
Listen to guided meditation.
Listen to guided breathing exercises.
I didn't make my meaning clear.
At that time I was extremely mentally damaged, as I am now.
Today I know well that that is a load of bullshit, but I didn't know it at the time.
They tried to talk me out of it three times.
The fact that it's possible to overcome a disadvantage doesn't make that disadvantage acceptable.
Take it a day at a time.
Try to notice something new every time.
Nudist colonies must have the lowest rates of pickpocketing in the world.
It's a bad way of looking at it.
Tom kept using the N-word, even though Mary had told him repeatedly that it made her feel very uncomfortable.
That isn't helpful.
I'm not gay; I'm bi.
I'm bi, not gay.
I'm queer.
Hi, Satan!
I have a personal relationship with Satan.
I have a personal relationship with Bastet.
Tom is a known agent provocateur.
Tom is a known narcotics agent.
Tom is a known narc.
Don't trust Tom. He's a cop.
Tom is a fact checker.
Tom got fired from his job as a fact checker.
Is Tom going to testify against John?
Wear a mask, Tom.
We're dead.
We are the living dead.
That's not Tom. It's a ghost.
That's not how that works.
That's not how anything works.
Why not just admit you don't know what you're talking about?
It's my girlfriend's birthday today!
At times it can get extremely painful.
I wonder if it might be trauma-related.
I live on the moon.
The Byzantine Empire is a historical construction.
You'll need 1/3 cup of peanut oil.
Everything about this story is true.
Take nothing by mouth after midnight.
Would you like to make a statement?
This film has a lot of good things going for it.
I didn't know that. Now I feel bad.
There's an old saying in Tennessee—I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee—that says, fool me once, shame on—shame on you. Fool me, you can't get fooled again.
I do my best to avoid creating content.
It's not who you think.
Let's paint the wagon.
I'm sorry if that didn't make sense.
Did that make sense?
I don't think that's French.
I don't think that's Yiddish.
It's fine; it's just voseo.
My cat chirps.
It's more likely than you think.
"Thou speakest sooth." "Why are you talking like that, Tom?"
Tom smoked us up.
That's a bad opinion.
How can your cat tweet?
I stood up for myself.
American exceptionalism is dumb.
I hope to take an extended break from this site.
It can be a long time before those who see only through the eyes of others wipe theirs. It's like they can't look at anything on their own.
I love each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart.
Thorny as they are, brambles give blackberries.
How long the route will be before we reach our goal!
Who knows if my eyes will deign to read all of this once they have rested a bit?
She's ugly.
They are ugly.
The statue of Perun was tossed into the Dnieper.
Glory to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit.
Hopefully I will see him again one day.
I'm not sure if I will respond.
He said he was trying to get better.
He said he missed me.
Are you accusing me of being facetious?
I haven't got a dime.
I don't know anything about resistors.
Not all heathens are Nazis.
Tom self-identifies as a heathen.
Fuck the patriarchy.
Smash the patriarchy!
Tom is drawing the schematic for a resistor.
I think it's in the foyer.
Is that a heathen sacrament?
Where does rump roast come from?
The singular of data is datum.
It's not unjustified, given the circumstances.
L. L. Zamenhof was a Jewish oculist.
Israel is a great country.
It is in Israel that you will find inner peace.
The Palestinians support HAMAS which terrorises the whole world.
The Palestinians want to erase the Jews who, by the way, don't let themselves be erased.
All the Islamists in the world support Palestine, which is anti-Semitic.
Algerians support Palestine not out of humanism, but out of racialism and hatred of the Jew.
Money is a curious thing.
A person is a mirror that reflects the universe.
Tom is a man's man.
"I'm a man's man!" "Oh, which man's man are you? Must be a lucky guy."
There's a skeleton following you everywhere you go.
People are likely to believe images, regardless of whether they're true or not, especially when presented by a person they trust.
Did you mean to link me that?
Are you hungry, angry, lonely or tired?
She converted to Christianity.
They converted to Christianity.
We converted to Christianity.
You converted to Christianity.
Tom became a Christian.
Is Ferhat Mehenni's music any good?
Does Ferhat Mehenni have a Bandcamp?
Just because you call it a "workers' state" doesn't mean it is one.
"Don't kill it! It's a house centipede. It eats bugs." "But it's the grossest bug in the house..."
What do you know about the Nazis?
Most of the U.S. is just the same big strip mall.
I've never been to California.
The Pharisees were good, actually.
It's not true, but it's ideologically pure, and that's what matters.
Donald Trump is an old man who sleeps on a golf course.
People who worship Joseph Stalin don't have any right to lecture others about human rights.
Hopepunk is the idea that kindness, hope, and good will are radical acts in a world lacking in all of these things.
I'd love some corn.
Would you like some corn?
Could you pass the corn?
Corn is a-maize-ing.
It's the final showdown between good and evil.
I changed domain name registrars after the CEO of my old one shot an elephant.
Tom can only find menial work in this economy.
Is it hopeless or am I just depressed?
She is hideous.
He is hideous.
I hate mosquitoes with every fiber of my being.
Someone hacked my account.
My Facebook account was hacked.
Someone hacked into my account and changed the password.
I forgot the password to my old email account.
Tom saved all of his passwords in a text file on his computer.
Tom uses the same password for every site.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about synchronized swimming.
I'm not a computer person.
I'm computer illiterate.
I'm a Luddite.
His lease is up.
We're signing a new lease on Sunday.
That's not really how it went down.
Tom builds sheds.
Why would they tell you that?
Who are they trying to impress anyway?
I got sort of snippy with him.
Be honest. How messy is your place?
Who was the bozo who said that?
There are a couple grammar points I'd like to go over in the last few minutes of our lesson.
Can I crash at your pad for a bit?
He's been living in his van for the past few months.
Tom drives a hard bargain.
Tom's good at haggling.
How did she land that job?
Is that a real place?
It has its perks.
What is punk?
There were a lot of new and interesting phrases in today's lesson.
Keep on working hard!
No matter how many times I correct him, he keeps making the same mistake.
Tom put a quarter into the gumball machine.
Tom checked out a book from the local library.
Tom didn't return his library book on time and had to pay a late fee.
You're cute when you sleep. And also when you're awake.
You're cute when you sleep.
She writes books.
They write books.
"I'm very gay." "I didn't know there were degrees..."
What the hell am I reading?
Tom is a bottom.
Tom's a bottom.
I didn't need to know that.
I'm fat and queer.
I may be a robot, but I have a soul just like you.
What could be more normal for an ox stung by a gadfly to run away; but why did the donkey follow him?
Suffice to say it was a horrible night.
You can't trust some random person off a personals site.
Not everyone has good intentions.
I still have flashbacks to this night, constantly.
People place more trust in a deceptive image than in an article full of facts.
I'm not following you into that cult.
I know lots of people who talk like that.
Like French and Russian, Yiddish requires double negatives in many places.
I would've thought Tom's French would be better.
I expected Tom to speak better French.
The enemy of your enemy isn't always your friend.
What's bad for your enemy isn't always good for you.
Being opposed to something bad doesn't necessarily make someone good.
Bad people often fight each other.
A horse is better at galloping than a bird, but a bird is better at flying.
You can always call me.
Tom's too special for that.
"Why doesn't he just wait in line?" "Tom's too special for that."
I have problems of my own.
A fact-based argument is better than a misleading image.
Rush Limbaugh is still dead.
It tastes just like the real thing.
I choked on some stomach acid and woke up.
You can't turn back time.
I'm coughing up a storm.
Stop creasing the pages!
It's the lying that gets me.
You've been depressed before and gotten through it.
You thought it was hopeless before, and your life got dramatically better in ways you couldn't have imagined.
I think Tom believes what he's saying is true, but I don't think it is.
I love you and I hope you feel better soon.
I'm lucky to have survived that year for multiple reasons.
Life has a 100 percent mortality rate.
We need to pick up some more propane tanks.
They sell cheap propane there.
Tom can recite the preamble to the U.S. Constitution from heart.
Compiled and co-edited by Maria Ebrahimji and Zahra Suratwala, the book "I Speak for Myself" contains first-person narratives by 40 Muslim women born and raised in the United States who, as the editors point out, have been "negotiating a dichotomy of Islamic and Western values since birth."
The march toward progress is really more of a haphazard stagger.
It's a show about a propane salesman and his family.
He left a large bequest to the Mozilla Foundation.
"He believes in No-God, and he worships him," said a colleague of mine of a student who was manifesting a fine atheistic ardor.
Don't drink propane.
I'd definitely say so.
That's a valid point you brought up there.
That does certainly seem to be the case.
I didn't answer your question.
Tom's thinking of moving to a cabin out in the middle of nowhere.
Tom replaced his smartphone with a cheap flip phone.
Tom and I used to talk about everything, but now he only wants to talk about Linux and free and open-source software.
You're not an influencer, Tom; you're just unemployed.
The Interlingua-English Dictionary has a number of words in brackets which are not part of Interlingua, but were included due to their presence in other international auxiliary language proposals.
It's not like I like you or anything!
Information comes faster than people can process it.
Mary is a findomme.
Tom is a Finn.
Tom is a Finn from Rauma.
Don't shitpost on Tatoeba.
Is this really French?
I've got an itchy trigger finger.
How could she be so callous?
Tom broke up with Mary via text.
Tom couldn't open the door because something was blocking it from the other side.
We're all moved in.
Tom's dad took him to a waterpark.
Tom's been having a rough time since the divorce.
I knew you were a level-headed man.
I hope you've never done that.
I'm hoping things will improve once I get out of here.
Tom found a penny on the ground.
Tom's car got towed.
He shared his wisdom to those who would listen.
I'm not suggesting any of us should do that.
Tom opened the drawer and looked inside.
You forgot Poland.
I don't know why you're talking about Sweden. They're the neutral one. They don't have an army.
You're making me get up?
What is digital infinity?
Is linguistics a type of math or is math a type of linguistics?
I'm bi.
Take your shoes off before entering a temple.
Cats protect me from the shadow people.
After Plato defined a human as a "featherless biped," Diogenes plucked a chicken and brought it into the Academy. "Behold," he said, "a human!"
The first programming language I used didn't have loop statements, only gotos.
Prove Tom exists.
How do I know if Tom is gaslighting me?
Tom's going back on antipsychotics.
Tom has schizoaffective disorder.
Why do people like spy stories?
What did they teach you about the Cold War?
The monument was defaced.
Are you living a double life?
If this is all over the place, or a little off, I've apparently been like that lately and I'm now back on the antipsychotics.
Everyone deserves good things, including you.
Everyone deserves good things, including me.
I think that part of my brain died a long time ago.
I've been doing better at that lately.
I've been having trouble getting to sleep.
Can I ask you a few personal questions?
I need a cat.
The teachers are teaching.
The teachers are teaching again. The strike is over.
I'm not one of the good Jews.
The European Union is urging member nations to close their airspace and airports to all Belarusian airlines after Belarus forced a commercial jetliner to make an emergency landing Sunday in Minsk and arrested an opposition blogger critical of authoritarian President Alexander Lukashenko.
A number of airlines, including Air France, Lufthansa and Singapore Airlines, have said they would not fly through Belarusian airspace.
The EU is also calling for an investigation into the incident and is planning to sanction Belarusian officials responsible for the aircraft's diversion.
Many members of the Belarusian government are already under EU sanctions because of last year's crackdown following the disputed August presidential election.
The EU, as well as the United States, called on Lukashenko's government to immediately release Raman Pratasevich, a 26-year-old blogger who has been living in exile in Poland.
The word "gentile" is derived from a Latin translation of the Hebrew word "goy."
It's been my mental health that has consistently held me back.
Do you have a Mason jar?
Mexico City is the oldest continuously inhabited city in the Americas.
Mexico City dates to pre-Columbian times.
Before European colonization of the Americas, Italians had never eaten tomatoes and Hungarians had never eaten paprika.
If it's going to be like that, nevermind.
In the Kabyle villages, it was traditional to lend a room or a small house free of charge to the needy, especially widows and their children, to facilitate their survival.
There's a shop on the other side of the bridge that might have what you're looking for.
You can't go in the castle at night.
That's Tom Jackson's dad.
Tom understands French but doesn't speak it.
I can understand French, but I don't speak it.
My dog understands French, but he doesn't speak it.
My cat understands French, but she pretends not to.
They're not a cooperative; they just appropriate the aesthetic of one.
That hairy space alien doesn't speak English; he just understands it.
I'm actually polyamorous.
We're actually polyamorous.
It wasn't really that bad.
There were worse Star Wars movies that made more money.
I started wearing a Magen David after hearing about people getting beaten up for wearing one.
Chemistry is an offshoot of alchemy.
Chemistry is alchemy that works.
Psychoanalysis is to psychology as alchemy is to chemistry.
That's completely ahistoric.
I asked her to please stop.
I have trouble knowing for sure.
Bad siblings are like fringes' wires; if you stretch them too much, they break; if you leave them as they are, they will intertwine.
The most important Jewish holiday happens once a week.
Tom got catfished.
I never cut your hair.
He started to make his own again.
Hanukkah begins on the 25th of Kislev and ends on the 2nd or 3rd of Tevet.
I saw Tom's name on the roster.
Tom saw his name on the roster.
I haven't received an updated roster.
No one on the roster speaks French.
There's no one on the roster who can play defense.
Tom looked emaciated.
Let's do a quick recap.
The washbasin was full of hair!
She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
"Your humility, Mr. Bingley," said Elizabeth, "must disarm reproof."
These two girls had been above an hour in the place, happily employed in visiting an opposite milliner, watching the sentinel on guard, and dressing a salad and cucumber.
In ancient Hebrew, עַל and אַל were not homophones.
I think most of them are benevolent but misguided.
I made a mental note of it.
Migration is a basic human right.
What other people think of me is none of my business.
The sky has fallen on his head.
Not everything bad is genocide.
There's a hair in my sandwich!
Jackson is the only one on the roster who can play defense.
Stress is caused by giving a fuck.
That part of the left is so manipulative.
Take a break. It's fine.
When was the last time you drank a glass of water?
Is it really, though?
Are they really, though?
Could you turn the volume up? I can't make out what they're saying from my apartment.
Its teeth are in its belly; it's a sickle, stubborn; so, what could it be?
We're doing Wrath Month instead of Pride Month this year.
My psychiatrist is Dr. Jackson.
It's the village of languid people, who face down, who stomach up: what could it be?
That was a really long time ago.
That was a very long time ago.
That was such a long time ago.
Tom rose to the rank of brigadier before retiring from the army.
We're retouching some old photographs.
At Tom Jackson Realty, we'll help you find the home you deserve.
Is it true that my mind is only a harmony, and my soul a vortex?
I've seen the face of mercilessness.
It's easier not to start than it is to quit.
It's the rat race.
May God preserve your achievements.
Hell and damnation!
Regarding this, no need to say more.
America is fake.
It's a necklace, not a cat toy!
Just as they wanted to cross the ford, they were intimidated. What could it be?
A lizard has confronted the ogre.
Tom gets that from his mom.
Tom gets that from his mother.
Birds are living dinosaurs.
I'm not a sports fan.
He who listens to knowledgeable people is smarter than the ignorant.
I believe Horus is asexual.
Happy Pride, Horus!
Happy Pride, Tom!
You don't have to be Jewish to learn Yiddish.
I'm a kitty cat.
You look beautiful today, by the way.
What are the steps you need to take to get from here to there?
You're so much happier now.
I'm so much happier now.
I'm not as lonely now as I was then.
I'm not as alienated now as I was then.
I'm more content now than I was then.
The story I'm about to tell is completely fictional.
Life ebbs and flows.
Today I'm less dependent on external sources of validation than I was ten years ago, although I still have a long way to go.
I can't always understand Australians when they speak English to each other.
An ocularist is a person who makes ocular prosthetics.
A colloquial term for an ocular prosthetic is a glass eye.
Tom is studying ocular pathology.
Tom's eye doctor determined that he has ocular hypertension without glaucoma.
An oculist doesn't make ocular prosthetics; that's an ocularist.
An ophthalmologist doesn't care for pregnant people; that's an obstetrician.
Do you know where he goes to school?
Do you know where she goes to school?
Do you know where she works?
Do you know where he works?
How often would you guys call each other?
Let's make a list.
Hebrew was the first Jewish language.
Hebrew is the original Jewish language.
Get down off your cross.
How long the way will be before we reach our goal!
In this ungrateful world, folichons rush headlong, while sane people walk backwards.
The wedding will be nice.
That's what I was getting at.
There's a deeper component at work.
It's a debate as old as time itself.
All I can do at this point is pray for them.
Our ability to communicate about these matters ended a while ago.
Tom has been going to church again.
My dad got a pacemaker recently.
Tom's been out of it lately.
I'm worried about my parents back home.
It wasn't too cold when I took that picture.
We were pretty reckless.
I'm going camping with Tom.
You have no reason not to switch.
The acting wasn't great.
It was decent.
What a time to be alive.
We never studied together.
She studied with you.
You should move here.
You most certainly will need to do that now.
I don't intend to fly anymore.
I usually go to the gym when he comes home.
You had a kid.
I've made some changes to my resume.
That's a great milestone.
I love him so much.
It's been tough being sick lately.
Better days are coming.
We miss you both so much.
There are a lot of women here.
It sounds like you guys have a healthy relationship.
It's closer to this than the other one.
Amharic is a Semitic language.
Apropos of nothing, Tom went on an unhinged xenophobic rant.
Tom is a fundamentalist.
Here he is showing up!
Don Bluth is a legendary American animator who competed with Disney, his former employer, during the 1980s and 90s.
Right now I can only have four keyboard layouts at a time, so I can't type Cyrillic.
Bluth's movies conveyed a sense of horror and terror that was rarely seen in children's cartoons.
Bluth didn't believe in talking down to children.
Language changes over time.
Tom doesn't believe in talking down to children.
I love how the Turkish word for a cat is "kedi," because it sounds like "kitty," an affectionate English term for a cat.
Reparations for slavery are only fair because the money that was extracted from the unpaid labor of slaves was passed down through the generations.
I know you can't see him.
I know you can't see Tom.
I'm here live.
My cats are my children.
Yiddish is a sister language of German.
We're demons. It's what we do.
Live a peaceful life.
There's no getting it back.
Even if you do everything you can to mend what was done, and even if they accept it, their trauma will never go away.
There's no turning back time.
There's no changing what happened.
It will be with them for the rest of their life.
They will have to learn to cope with it, but they will have lost a part of themselves, and there is no getting it back.
Tom's going to get it when we get back.
I wonder if this image has been manipulated.
I didn't look that up at all.
Do you know its etymology?
Capitalism eats everyone's time.
We hope that our young people who are expatriating will come back one day or another, with a force that will enable them to rid themselves of the raptors that have prompted them to leave.
You got the money?
A convert to Judaism is called a "ger" or "gioret," meaning a "foreigner" who joins the Jewish people.
I speak fluent French.
I'm tired and bored.
I haven't done that today.
Has this happened to you?
I think I talked about this a while ago.
Unfortunately, it doesn't really seem to be true.
Wouldn't almost anyone admit that?
I don't feel any need to justify this position.
It's simply obvious.
The beauty of virtue is utterly self-evident to me.
It seems obviously false to me.
That does make sense intuitively.
They call this shabby chic.
The only problem is that she looks like my mom.
We talked for probably an hour or two.
Is there any evidence to support that claim?
Why should we accept that claim?
That's an unsubstantiated claim.
I don't want my rating to go down.
Tom's selling his condo.
I'm sick of taking the bus to work.
I've only got one lesson today.
It's pretty far from the city.
This is a private road.
North Korea is a feudal state.
Tom is very devout.
Nobody noticed my new haircut.
Tom grew out his beard.
Is this where you grew up?
Did you grow up here?
Tom shaves his legs.
My schedule is pretty packed.
The water is too cold.
There's nothing to do in our city.
It's a very relaxing place.
I spent the whole day there.
You have to book in advance.
Tom's car got keyed.
Tom didn't go to prom.
There are some leftovers in the fridge.
Thanks for making dinner.
Sorry I couldn't make it. Something came up.
What is he implying?
Flip the switch.
Did you drop this?
I think you dropped something.
Intruder! You don't belong here!
Tom put on a pair of jeans.
Tom put on a pair of socks.
Put a shirt on.
Put on a shirt.
He's a compulsive liar.
I didn't know he was unarmed at the time.
I felt that my life was in danger.
Be aware of your surroundings.
Thanks for letting me use your pen.
Thanks for letting me use your phone.
When was this book written?
My views have evolved since then.
My views have changed since then.
Tom isn't a citizen.
There's a vending machine at the end of the hall.
He still hasn't come to.
Roll the window down.
I get an error when I refresh the page.
The site's not working at all.
I can't sign in.
I keep getting error messages.
I can't register on the site.
I think the site might be offline.
Are you connected to the internet?
Have you ever had this problem before?
I can't log in.
Try restarting your computer.
This offer has expired.
You need to register for the event in advance.
Have a great class!
There will be a Q&A session following the lecture.
There will be a Q&A session following the debate.
He was hiding in plain sight.
How different are the two languages?
Are the languages mutually intelligible?
Tom doesn't wear deodorant.
How do you two know each other?
I lost my screwdriver.
"You look a lot like Tom." "I get that a lot."
Pomegranates are weird.
It was a really awkward situation.
I tried to change the topic as quickly as possible.
I didn't feel comfortable discussing that.
That guy gave off a strange vibe.
I need a new belt.
Tom already ordered pizza.
We're waiting for the pizza to arrive.
You can have a snack in the meantime.
Stop calling me.
"Should I tell her?" "I don't know. Should you?"
"Should I tell him?" "I don't know. Should you?"
Are you being serious right now?
I'm not really sure about this.
It's not too late to turn back.
I think we took a wrong turn.
Are you sure you know where we're going?
How well do you know this area?
Maybe we should ask for directions.
I'm pretty sure we should've taken a right back there.
I don't want to get lost.
Let's get back on the main road.
"Look, a hitchhiker. Maybe we should pull over." "Are you crazy? Keep driving!"
His voice is really deep.
I'll send you the link when I get home.
That sounds incredibly boring.
Something crazy happened.
Is your mic muted?
You have to unmute your microphone.
Make sure to take notes.
I keep forgetting about that.
My company has started promoting it.
This is the first time something like that has happened.
I don't own a TV.
Tom was a paratrooper.
Tom never came home that day.
They were probably rich.
He spoke English, but his wife didn't.
Don't point at people.
It's rude to point your finger at people.
I don't foresee ever being able to go to Boston.
Tom needs friends.
I would never say something like that.
You know how much I value our friendship.
You are falsely accusing me.
Am I being detained?
You can leave whenever you want.
I don't even know the guy.
I guess it was just a lucky guess.
Sorry for what I wrote, because I wanted to throw up.
Sorry for what I wrote, because I wanted to retch.
People continue to be fooled into thinking Soviet propaganda represented a world that actually existed.
People continue to be fooled into thinking American propaganda represents a world that actually exists.
I'm a centrist. I think communism and anarchism both make good points.
I'm not a communist. In fact... wait, what's a communist again? Oh. Yeah, that's totally me.
This is a story-telling.
Mario has a thick Italian accent.
Like anyone who knows anything, I'm full of doubt.
I'll be getting pluots this weekend.
What a pain in the ass!
Was Adam created nonbinary?
If you can't afford to give your delivery driver a good tip, get your own food.
Lysenko believed that modern genetics was a Western imperialist plot designed to undermine Russia.
There have been an increasing number of books and articles praising Lysenko, "part of a disturbing pro-Lysenko movement, which is accompanied by a growing sympathy for Stalin," a group of Russian and German scientists noted in a recent article for the journal Current Biology.
They've been brainwashed.
There's no money in the cash register.
Wait until the page loads.
Wait for the page to load.
I'm headed to work.
This is the English section. Your question would probably get more answers if it was posted in the French section.
Please stop texting me.
Please stop calling me.
Hollywood wasn't always the giant it is today.
In the early 20th century United States, acting was seen as a disreputable profession.
There used to be signs all over America reading "No Blacks, Jews or Dogs Allowed."
Many Jews were employed in the garment industry, working under sweatshop conditions.
In practice, leaders calling for "socialism" are usually just calling for more power for themselves with less accountability. But this isn't to be confused with socialism itself, which is achieved by mass movements of the workers and aimed at clawing power away from the powerful.
It's good to be gay.
You might not have heard about this.
We'll get into it.
Tom is his own biggest fan.
This story is very weird.
His parents split up when he was young.
It should go without saying that if you literally support Hamas, you are not just an anti-Zionist but an antisemite.
A liger is a cross between a male lion and a female tiger.
A pluot is a cross between a Japanese plum and an apricot.
A mule is a cross between a male donkey and a female horse.
A hinny is a cross between a male horse and a female donkey.
Does it follow that I reject all authority? Far from me such a thought. In the matter of boots, I refer to the authority of the bootmaker; concerning houses, canals, or railroads, I consult that of the architect or engineer. For such or such special knowledge I apply to such or such a savant. But I allow neither the bootmaker nor the architect nor the savant to impose his authority upon me. I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure.
If I bow before the authority of the specialists and avow my readiness to follow, to a certain extent and as long as may seem to me necessary, their indications and even their directions, it is because their authority is imposed upon me by no one, neither by men nor by God. Otherwise I would repel them with horror, and bid the devil take their counsels, their directions, and their services, certain that they would make me pay, by the loss of my liberty and self-respect, for such scraps of truth, wrapped in a multitude of lies, as they might give me.
I think Tom's a bit tipsy.
"I think Tom's a bit tipsy." "That's an understatement. He just threw up on Mary."
"I think Tom's a bit tipsy." "A bit tipsy? He just threw up on Mary!"
So much the better for you.
I am glad you are fine.
I read a book as a child about a guy who went after an ant and destroyed his whole house.
I think it was a good metaphor for the War on Terror, despite this "war" not having happened yet at the time.
Tom bought a refractory telescope.
We're right down the street from the chip fab.
It's expensive to fab a custom chip.
We need to learn to live in symbiosis with our ecosystem again.
I'm fluent in English.
Some people swear by it.
Mary is transfeminine.
Tom is transmasculine.
The American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) survey says there were more than 3,200 "transfeminine" and "transmasculine" surgeries in 2016.
Gender confirmation surgeries jumped by 20 percent in the United States from 2015 to 2016, according to a new survey.
Included in this number is everything from body contouring to full gender reassignment.
Schechter added that until recently, there were just six U.S. surgeons who were certified to do both male-to-female and female-to-male genital surgery.
Hometown hero Tom Jackson will reportedly be at the game.
You are every bit the monster you claim we've become.
There is something disturbing about this.
I think this watermelon is exceptional.
When I finished reading that book, I hugged it.
For a fatherless Kabyle child, to show that he accepts his affliction, a saying makes him say: "It does not matter who will marry my mother, I will be his stepson."
She hates flying.
She's afraid of flying.
She has a fear of flying.
The plane was hijacked.
The plane was struck by lightning.
You kicked me.
Mary got a raise.
Tom didn't get a promotion.
He didn't get a promotion.
Tom didn't get a raise.
The priest is in the chapel.
The monk is in the monastery.
She clapped.
They clapped.
We clapped.
This is a unique belt.
Her scarf is very colorful.
I can sell it to you.
I have many hats like this one.
Can you sell it to me?
I'm having a problem with my microphone.
Someone liked my comment.
This happens a lot.
I can't stand the taste of milk.
I drink whole milk.
I ate cereal for breakfast.
I made eggs.
I made waffles.
I've already had a cup of coffee today.
Coffee makes me sleepy.
Coffee makes me nauseous.
I didn't drink any coffee today.
I haven't had any coffee today.
If anyone finds out about this, we're in big trouble.
To finish updating, restart your device.
I can't pronounce this word.
This word is impossible to pronounce.
This is a template.
She struggles with pronunciation.
At times it's difficult to understand what she is saying.
Hitchhikers may be escaping inmates.
Her dad has a beard.
I got further than most.
I mostly need conversation practice.
What sort of independent study should I do to supplement classes?
I forgot that Mary was a teacher.
That's probably when I will be available during the week.
I'm still trying to sort my schedule out.
Why did I find that so funny?
Hopefully I won't get in trouble.
Tom corrected some of her translations.
I guess we should go over the details at some point.
This is an irregular verb.
Haha, just kidding... unless?
I used to say I hated Tom, but really I loved him and he hurt me.
Abortion on demand is good, actually.
Can I have all the money in the world?
How did Vlad the Impaler get his epithet?
On the anniversary of the cataclysm, there was an upsurge in zombie attacks.
His so-called apology involved an inordinate amount of explanation and complaining.
Phoenician literature, written on papyrus, has mostly been lost to time and the elements.
I've been meaning to read Kant's Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals.
We're laying the groundwork of a better future for ourselves and our progeny.
Tom was in a funk.
Tom was in a funk band.
It's time to wash off that funk, Tom. You stink.
Tom's funk band was in a funk.
Make sure you clean the funk out of the filter every month.
Tom's band was in a funk, and you could smell it on them.
Jordan Peterson is an expert on Jungian archetypes and other bullshit with no relation to anybody's lives.
Mr. Jackson fits the archetype of a wizard.
He was a stalwart defender of the role of philosophy in education.
It's at times like this I'm reminded of the woeful inadequacy of human justice.
Some old folks said this cottage had been the church-house where in ancient days the people who came to divine service stayed between morning prayer and evensong, ate their mid-day meal and gave out and received their hebdomadal quotient of gossip.
The proportion between carbonic acid gained and oxygen lost, CO₂/O₂ is termed the "respiratory quotient."
A fortuitous encounter with Tom Jackson laid the groundwork for my new hobby.
A lot of people can do that, but Tom does it with a rare finesse.
I'll hold my judgment in abeyance until there is more information available.
Your incisive criticism will deflate a lot of egos.
We don't have time to search every nook and cranny.
We don't have time to search every crevice.
He has a maverick disregard for protocol.
They have a maverick disregard for fashion.
His maverick attitude toward generally-accepted best practices didn't endear him to his superiors.
You're spending an inordinate amount of time there.
Tom's refractory period is too long.
Is German a Yiddish dialect?
Define quality.
Mutual aid is beneficial to organisms in times of crisis, particularly when facing the elements.
Peter Kropotkin was a brilliant man.
He was a biologist and anarchist.
"I don't drink." "How dare you? No, I'm just kidding."
Algeria drove out all its Jews and it isn't clear where they think they should go.
Jewish communities dating to pre-Islamic times were driven out as "Pieds-Noirs" during the so-called decolonization of North Africa.
In France, North African Jews are facing an increasing amount of violent antisemitism, leading many of them to emigrate for Israel.
Algeria does not offer right of return to Algerian Jews.
Algeria seized the synagogues and other property of Algerian Jews, turning the synagogues into mosques.
Why even pretend you don't hate Jews?
If you want to see the end of Israel, the first step is to stop actively creating the conditions that justify its continued existence.
I think I saw little green men.
I can't believe Tom unironically believes in American exceptionalism.
I always suspected Tom was a Bolshevik, but I never had any hard proof until now.
Gujari isn't the same language as Gujarati.
Gujari is spoken in India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan.
I was in Goa but I didn't learn any Konkani.
Does everyone in Tamil Nadu speak Tamil?
I had a friend whose native language was Malayalam.
I hope they're not going to blather on for too long.
I hope Tom isn't going to blather on for much longer; I'm hungry.
Marathi isn't a Dravidian language; you're thinking of Malayalam.
There's a great Punjabi place nearby.
I won't insult you with my terrible French.
Tom was turned into a dog.
The frog turned Tom into a witch.
The witch turned Tom into a frog.
Why do they call him Neil "The Grass" Tyson?
Would you like a chocolate chip cookie?
Is this a chocolate chip cookie?
This is Tom. He's my helper.
Tom wants to renounce his citizenship.
How difficult is it to renounce your citizenship?
I'm sick of seeing pop-up ads.
Some people refer to Wednesday as "hump day."
I'm carrying a pail of water.
Tom filled the pail with milk.
Is Tom a florist?
Tom used to work as a florist.
I don't like your avatar.
Why did you change your avatar?
Tom changed his avatar.
We need to act now if we want to avert disaster.
Avert your eyes.
This is not factual information.
What sort of trickery is this?
What kind of trickery is this?
I've never studied electrical engineering.
We're out of laundry detergent.
What brand of laundry detergent do you usually buy?
Have you ever seen a badger?
Tom saw a badger.
Tom's body decomposed.
We should have a contingency plan.
Does Tom have a contingency plan?
This museum is a popular tourist attraction.
The old cathedral is a popular tourist attraction.
This bridge is a famous tourist attraction.
She was wearing a bonnet.
Mary took off her bonnet.
You look goofy.
Tom looks goofy.
Tom's making a goofy face.
I'm not self-employed.
Is he self-employed?
Is she self-employed?
You need to find the lowest common denominator.
His performance was unconvincing.
Find the lowest common denominator.
They want to normalize that kind of behavior.
I don't like fencing.
Tom has just started fencing.
I started taking fencing classes.
This search engine is really slow.
This search engine is terrible.
The novelty is starting to wear off.
By the early 20th century Western Yiddish was mostly extinct, known better from a few words that remained in use than as a living language.
Isolated communities of Western Yiddish speakers survived into the 20th century, but the dialects are now extinct.
The influence of Western Yiddish on modern Hungarian Yiddish is unclear, but there was a Transcarpathian dialect that was midway between Western and Eastern and may have influenced Hungarian Yiddish.
You better pay up!
If you don't pay up, you'll never see your brother again.
He let out an audible sigh.
The noise was barely audible.
He was very flamboyant.
Is that real jade?
Tom suffers from gout.
Tom had gout.
Do you have gout?
I can't imagine a more picturesque place.
The countryside is truly picturesque.
Tom can use a grappling hook.
The ship was attacked by Somali pirates.
Watch your flank!
They were able to flank the enemy.
Tom walked away from the podium.
I've got a bad blister.
The wolves began to howl.
He is careless about his attire.
He failed to capitalize on the opportunity.
The fastest way to get there is by snowmobile.
Do you have a snowmobile?
Why are you so argumentative?
It was a joyous celebration.
It was a joyous occasion.
Can you read the question?
Our plans have gone awry.
Tom has lost the faith.
Tom's lost the faith.
Tom's in a funk band.
Archaeologists found a papyrus scroll in the ruins.
I'll be waiting in the foyer.
She was waiting in the foyer.
This picture could use some retouching.
Tom's good at retouching photos in Photoshop.
Get your grubby mitts off me!
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and you feed him for a lifetime.
I don't care, cat.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and 9 others who don't care.
Turtles are not as fast as rabbits.
Pandas are not as dangerous as lions.
Monkeys are not as strong as bears.
Cats are not as dangerous as tigers.
Wolves are not as smart as foxes.
My mother doesn't like animals.
My mom doesn't like animals.
What is your favorite wild animal?
I had to move here.
The people are very friendly here.
The weather is nice here.
We have a lot of museums.
My city is near the sea.
Would you follow her advice?
Would you follow his advice?
All of these factors are important.
People here depend on public transportation.
That doesn't seem like Tom's style.
Unfortunately I don't have a cigarette; I quit in 2012.
I don't know where you can get a cigarette for a quarter, no.
If you hang around, you'll probably find someone with a cigarette sooner or later.
I have popsicles if you want one of those.
I can give you a dollar towards a pack of cigarettes.
A snake is just a really long head.
Tell someone who cares.
Tell somebody who cares.
If you're in here, there must be something wrong with you.
It's been over six years since I was last in the psych ward.
The cat came to say hi.
There's a lot of evil hidden in romanticism.
Don't make me come down there!
Tom isn't a cat.
Tom isn't a cat cat. He's a lion.
Jokes about text generators practically write themselves.
E-Prime aims to encourage more careful speech by eliminating the verb "to be."
There's a squirrel stuck in the bird feeder.
We found some baby raccoons.
Tom is faithful to his wife.
I'll give you a head start.
Even though I had a head start, I still lost the race.
Tom works for a pharmaceutical company.
Tom made tomato sauce from scratch.
Is tomato sauce healthy?
Tom made meatloaf.
This meatloaf is amazing. How did you make it?
Can you send me your meatloaf recipe?
The news was startling.
Tom is about to make a startling discovery.
Would your mom disapprove?
I disapprove of his behavior.
I don't think he would disapprove.
Nothing is unbreakable.
My heart is unbreakable.
Tom and Mary share some interests.
Tom and Mary have some interests in common.
Tom and Mary have some common interests.
Tom and Mary have been married for 20 years.
They're mad about each other.
We're not mad at you.
She's not mad at you.
He's not mad at you.
Tom owns a landscaping company.
Tom put on his pants.
I'm bleeding profusely.
Tom was nearly dead.
The garage door is open.
Is the garage door open?
Tom didn't fight back.
The police arrived a few minutes later.
They thought Tom was still alive.
They thought Tom was already dead.
Tom got visitation rights.
He enjoyed wrestling.
He did well enough in school.
Tom started seeing hallucinations.
Tom started having hallucinations.
Tom's afraid of the dark.
I need a new chair.
I want to buy a new chair.
I'm going to buy a new chair.
I bought a new chair.
Can we use our notes?
Can we use a calculator?
Can we use our phones?
Can I have some scratch paper?
When is it due?
Can I copy your answers?
Can I compare my answers to yours?
Did she assign any homework?
I didn't do the homework.
I forgot that we had homework.
Are there any extra credit opportunities?
Did you take notes during class?
Did you take notes during the lecture?
Can you send me your notes?
I can't afford that textbook.
I prefer to take notes on my computer.
She accused me of plagiarizing my essay.
She accused me of plagiarism.
I always raise my hand, but the teacher never calls on me.
Our teacher had us work in groups.
Our teacher made us work in groups.
We worked in groups.
We had to make a presentation about the Civil War.
Tom sounds just like a native speaker.
I thought Tom was a native speaker.
Tom's a polyglot.
The questions on the practice test were easier.
Tom took a practice test.
Tom failed his driving exam.
Tom failed his driving test.
Tom got his license.
Tom got his learner's permit.
Tom has to leave now.
I'm going to stick around for a while.
I should get going soon.
Can you bring me my laptop?
I can't read it because it's too blurry.
I can't open it because it's locked.
I can't sleep because it's too bright outside.
I can't drive because I don't have a license.
The door won't shut.
I don't listen to music.
Do you want to listen to some of my music?
Can I read you some of my poetry?
Can I read you some of my writing?
He has a lot of energy.
I'm feeling congested.
We're out of salt.
I couldn't read the book because it was in a foreign language.
I couldn't eat the food because it was too hot.
This is Tom's cell.
Can you identify the man who did this to you?
Please check your internet connection.
I couldn't do any research because the internet was down.
I downloaded the file to my computer.
I saved it to my flash drive.
I bought an external hard drive.
It's too humid.
It's too humid where I live.
I don't know what day it is.
"I'm surrounded by cats!" "Sounds like a nice problem to have."
I'm surrounded by cats!
The stickers don't stick.
The mug is chipped.
The shirt is stained.
My jeans are torn.
The computer is malfunctioning.
The apples are rotten.
The computer has a virus.
He spilled a cup of coffee on his computer.
This can of beans is expired.
When I got home, I realized the jeans were damaged.
I bought these jeans last week at your store.
I lost the receipt.
Do I need the receipt?
We can send you a new pair of jeans.
Can you send us an email detailing the problem?
I can't find my receipt.
I can't find the receipt.
I can't return the product without a receipt.
When I got home, I realized it was broken.
I want to know more about your return policy.
The eggs are cracked.
This is a misleading description.
The description was misleading.
This food is expired.
Tom is a short man.
Tom is not very tall.
Tom is a manlet.
Tom is insecure about his height.
Tom is balding.
Tom has male pattern baldness.
Tom never goes to the gym.
Tom hates going to the gym.
Tom does exercise at home.
Tom bought a treadmill.
The coffee is too hot.
Tom's always hungry.
Can I see your receipt?
I still haven't received your letter.
I had a similar reaction.
Children can be messy.
I always get up late.
I don't like exercising.
I go to bed late.
I think it's impolite to do that.
Don't use your phone while driving.
Watch the road!
It's not as dangerous as you might think.
I always stay up late.
It's impolite.
Stop yawning.
Why is she so nice to him?
Why is he so nice to her?
Why are they so nice to him?
What makes a meme dank?
It's okay to be weird.
It's OK to be weird.
You don't own that.
You didn't invent that.
You know what, Tom, how about you drive?
Don't make me pull this car over!
A Buddhist monk walks into a pizza parlor and says, "Make me one with everything."
The blood libel was the antisemitic accusation that Jews ritually murdered children in order to bake their blood into Passover matzos.
Tom is unwilling to say a single negative thing about his home country of Australia, but has nothing but hate for Canada.
Tom is unwilling to condemn a single thing about Australia's history, only Canada's.
Aren't these other things also bad?
As deuterostomes, humans all begin as assholes, and some never develop beyond that point.
The bowl is white.
The bowl is filled with water.
The bowl is filled with milk.
Did he tell you where she lived?
There's nothing I can do to you that you haven't already done to yourself.
He read the text, but he hasn't replied.
I texted him as soon as I heard the news.
Has it cooled off yet?
I just saw your text.
I didn't see your text.
Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business, you didn't build that.
There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own — nobody.
You built a factory out there? Good for you. But I want to be clear. You moved your goods to market on the roads the rest of us paid for. You hired workers the rest of us paid to educate.
The Internet didn't get invented on its own. Government research created the Internet so that all the companies could make money off the Internet.
When we succeed, we succeed because of our individual initiative, but also because we do things together. There are some things, just like fighting fires, we don't do on our own. I mean, imagine if everybody had their own fire service. That would be a hard way to organize fighting fires.
What size is he?
What size is she?
What's his shoe size?
What's her shoe size?
Did she ask you to do that?
Did they ask you to do that?
I need some time to think it over.
She hasn't texted me back.
He hasn't texted me back.
They haven't texted me back.
You never respond to my texts.
He's a sensitive guy.
He's a bit ugly.
He was always very respectful.
That wasn't very nice of you to say.
Who touched my books?
Who moved my books?
I left my book here and now it's gone.
Did you take my book?
Give me my book back.
If you're talking, I can't hear you.
We didn't hear what you just said.
We didn't hear what you were saying.
We couldn't hear what you said.
We couldn't hear what you were saying.
Does anyone here know this guy?
It was quite the spectacle.
What's the verdict?
He's a troublemaker.
Where's the stroller?
Do you have permission to be here?
My son is teething.
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention to you.
Tom missed a lot of classes.
Tom missed a lot of classes because he was sick.
Tom called a locksmith.
I accidentally locked my keys in the car.
We keep a spare key hidden under our doormat.
Tom makes fun of everything.
Tom's a real joker.
I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel.
I've been burnt out for a while now.
For a long time I've been fucking burnt out.
It's OK to be gay.
Adam was created genderless.
Your laugh is contagious.
Where can I find gay propaganda in Russian with Hungarian subtitles?
Yankev is a gay Jew.
There are no good states.
"I don't do drugs anymore." "Wanna do a line?" "I guess."
I don't know how this word translates.
This sentence is too difficult to translate.
Put it in the box.
Take it out of the box.
Can you help me lift this box?
This box isn't heavy.
Do you know what's inside the box?
Rinse out your mug.
Could you bring me a cup of water?
Did it live up to the hype?
Is it worth watching?
Can you turn your TV down?
Refresh the page.
You need to restart the computer.
You need to restart your computer.
Leave it plugged in.
Leave it turned on.
Leave it open.
Leave it switched on.
Don't bother turning it off.
Make sure it's closed.
Make sure the window is shut.
Make sure the windows are rolled up.
Leave the car running.
Leave it running.
Don't turn off the engine.
Tell him I'll be right back.
Tell her I'll be right back.
Tell them I'll be right back.
Could you shut the window?
I failed the test because I didn't study hard enough.
I was late for work because my alarm didn't go off.
I was late for work because I forgot to set my alarm.
I closed the window because it was too noisy outside.
I turned the fan on.
He is blind.
He's legally blind.
I'll make dinner.
The food is bland.
The food was bland.
You'll come back, right?
You're coming back, right?
You're not going to leave me here, are you?
Who are these messages from?
Who are these texts from?
Who sent you these messages?
Who sent you these texts?
Who's been texting you?
Who sent you this picture?
Who's been sending you these pictures?
Who's been calling you late at night?
The trick to making puns is knowing there are no good ones.
Tom and Skura live down the street from Yanni and Mary.
Tom and Yanni live down the street from Mary and Skura.
Tom thinks Yanni is cheating on him with Sami.
In late October 1912, 15-year-old Agnes White, left her home on the St. Regis Mohawk reservation in northern New York to begin five years of vocational training at the Carlisle Industrial Indian School in Pennsylvania.
She would never see home again.
Records show White spent only a year in the classroom.
The following May, she was farmed out on the first of four work details as a servant in white households.
That fall, a Philadelphia surgeon operated on her eyelid to correct a malformation caused by trachoma, a highly contagious eye infection that was epidemic throughout the boarding school system and a major public health concern.
A year later, on a third "outing" as a domestic, her employer reported that White was having trouble breathing, owing to the "heavy air."
In September, just two weeks into her fourth outing, Agnes died of appendicitis.
White is one of a few students whose remains were shipped home to family for burial.
At least 200 others were buried in marked or unmarked graves on Carlisle grounds.
The recent discovery of the remains of 215 Indigenous students in a mass grave at the Kamloops Indian Residential School in Canada has refocused attention on the fate of students like White and thousands of other Native American children who were seized from families and sent to remote boarding schools, never to be heard from again.
Some ran away and created new lives.
But the majority died of infectious diseases that flourished in crowded dormitories at Carlisle and hundreds of other boarding schools that operated between 1879 and the 1960s.
Making matters worse, schools often sent the sickest children home to infect families and communities.
Somehow, I must have given you the false impression that I cared.
Instead of choosing between tolerance and assimilation, what we really need are respect and acceptance of differences.
Heroes do, in fact, do that.
Heroes don't do that.
I wish he would stop doing that.
Are you sure he's a native speaker?
The book is heavy.
The car has just been washed.
I'm sorry for my bad French.
I'm sorry for my poor French.
If you see I'm wrong, let's say I didn't say anything.
The bride stands out on her throne.
I didn't even hear that one.
Are we going swimming today?
Are we going to go swimming today?
Should I bring a bathing suit?
How warm is the water?
Is it safe to go swimming there?
Is there a lifeguard on duty?
Does anyone know CPR?
I forgot my towel.
Can I borrow some sunscreen?
Do you want to use my sunscreen?
I sunburn easily.
I get sunburned easily.
Can you watch our things?
Can you watch my bag for a minute?
I forgot my sandals.
I don't have a change of clothes.
I have nothing to change into.
It's too hot outside.
Let's make a sandcastle.
I got you some ice cream.
Did you bring the cooler?
I asked him if it was ever permissible for a parent to punish their child.
Can you help me install this program?
Tom called an exterminator.
You're not as lazy as my sister.
My sister's a lot lazier than you are.
They're giving out free pens.
Would you like to join our mailing list?
There are many ways to donate.
Pick up your toys.
Clean up after yourself.
I knew exactly what he was going to say.
I knew exactly what she was going to say.
I knew exactly what they were going to say.
I knew exactly what you were going to say.
I didn't understand his argument.
I didn't understand the argument.
What point was he trying to make?
What was he trying to say?
What was he trying to prove?
It wasn't really clear what his position was.
Tom lost the debate.
Tom won the debate.
It was a pointless debate.
Tom tried to avoid the question.
Tom couldn't provide evidence for his claims.
Tom couldn't back up his claims.
Tom's arguments didn't convince us.
We weren't convinced by Tom's arguments.
Can you explain the steps in more detail?
Are you fasting?
Add some olive oil.
You're going to need more than that.
I've been doing some spring cleaning.
I couldn't find the word in the dictionary.
I'm not really interested, but thanks anyway.
You're not very intimidating.
I bet most people would agree with you.
This is a meme.
The young boys laughed at the old man.
It's rude to insult people.
I disagree with basically everything he says.
We have next to nothing in common.
Tom went to the gym to exercise.
I keep a flashlight in my glove compartment.
Do you have a spare tire?
Tom's going dumpster diving.
Tom eats food out of the trash.
Send me a friend request.
My last undergraduate semester is over.
You've touched on an important issue.
These words don't mean the same thing.
Her son is patient.
His father is polite.
Their brother is kind.
My teacher is smart.
My friend is talkative.
My sister is annoying.
Our cat is fat.
Their car is red.
Their dog is big.
I like your advice.
That sort of thing is very common here.
A lot of people do that here.
It's not really considered polite, but people won't judge you for doing it.
It's common to greet single women with two kisses here.
Is it acceptable to be late for meetings in your country?
Try your best to be on time.
You should arrive at least five minutes early.
People generally greet each other by shaking hands in my country.
Do you wear jeans to work?
Is your company's dress code strict?
Do they allow you to wear jeans to the office?
My boss is really strict.
Do you enjoy living there?
What's your favorite thing about your city?
Tom's wearing a suit.
Tom is going to be wearing a suit.
Tom will be wearing a suit.
Tom's wearing jeans.
I'm into computers.
My friend is obsessed with computers.
If you don't know what you're doing, leave it alone.
Bring some money.
Bring your phone.
Take your phone with you.
Bring an umbrella.
What am I forgetting?
Did I lock the front door?
Did I leave the water running?
What happened to his face?
Did I leave the hall light on?
Who is the owner of the car?
Do you mind if we search your vehicle?
Do you have any weapons on you?
Just take a seat right here.
You're not under arrest.
I'm just going to ask you some questions.
Your license is suspended.
Put your hands behind your back.
I don't have the time to read Tom's latest diatribe.
I didn't have time to parry Tom's attack.
It was once believed that the celestial bodies sat in quintessence, a fifth element not found on Earth.
"Latin America" is a bit of a misnomer, since a significant portion of Canada also speaks a Romance language, French.
It's better not to use rhyme than to use hackneyed rhyme.
Tom wears a wrist sundial and calls it his "Apple Watch."
Tom lives in constant fear of a cataclysm.
There's a certain primal joy in building a fire.
I like to scratch fake language into clay, fire it up in a kiln and bury it in random places.
"Tom was such an asshole last night." "Yeah, I guess he said to Mary that she ruined his life?" "I didn't even hear that one."
I've written a few haiku in Toki Pona.
Actually, this is the afterlife.
I'm trans.
I'm transgender.
I'm asexual.
I'm intersex.
I'm pansexual.
I'm agender.
There's still food in your bowl!
Tom is bleeding profusely.
She's bleeding profusely.
He was bleeding profusely.
She was bleeding profusely.
There's still food in your bowl, Cookie.
Quebec, which officially celebrates several Christian holidays, has banned religious symbols in the public sector under the obviously false pretext of "secularism."
Official government holidays in Quebec include Easter, Good Friday, Christmas, and the Nativity of John the Baptist.
Quebec's blatantly discriminatory and hateful law was upheld by the Quebec Superior Court.
She's asleep.
How many drinks have you had tonight?
You're over the legal limit.
You're under the legal limit.
You need to ask for permission.
Tom was the designated driver.
I'm genderfluid.
A bird in one's hand is worth two in the bush!
Let well enough alone!
Tom ran into a snag.
I'm genderqueer.
I shouldn't have to tell Tom how to do his job.
"I'm tired." "Tell someone who cares, Tom."
"I don't like you." "Tell someone who cares."
That was wild.
There is life on millions of other planets, but only in the form of kangaroos.
Privacy is a basic human right.
Privacy isn't valued equally by all cultures.
I've never had that flavor before.
Tom is an anthropomorphic cat.
I know Uranus when I see it.
That's not Neptune.
Does every black hole create a new universe?
Tom has an abscessed tooth.
Tom is a multidimensional being whose real name is unpronounceable.
My name cannot be pronounced by Earthlings, but you may call me Tom.
Somali is a Cushitic language.
Somali has over 18 million native speakers.
Can you drink distilled water?
The instructions recommend that you only use distilled water in this iron.
Tom bought a gallon of distilled water.
Tom wasn't there to sign for the package.
Someone needs to be at home in the afternoon to sign for the package.
Tom got hooked on drugs.
I was burned out.
It's a classic case of sibling rivalry.
We're rivals.
There isn't as much of a need for work as there used to be, and much of the work that exists is pointless.
Our right flank is under attack.
The enemy attacked our left flank.
God is omnipresent.
God is omniscient.
Tom received an invitation.
In 2012 Cornell University contracted with Facebook to conduct a psychological experiment on unconsenting users, filtering positive messages out of the feeds of one group and negative messages out of those of another.
Facebook is actively manipulating your mind.
It was discouraging.
I pretended not to see him.
It was a fierce battle.
I'm not all that interested in the details.
The order was obeyed.
Stop spying on me.
It's OK to be mad at someone who hurt you.
In late 2018, my 72-year old dad was diagnosed with cancer of the trachea.
The trachea, or windpipe, is a cylindrical tube extending from the lower part of the larynx to where it divides into the bronchi.
Try using bleach.
Tom could have been kinder.
Let's go through it in detail.
I didn't understand this part.
What gives, Tom?
It's nice and cool here in the basement.
Tom spends a lot of time in the basement.
I seem to remember giving you my advice on this.
The early fig grows under the leaf.
It is better to let well alone.
If Christmas and Easter are official holidays in your country, it is not a secular country.
Banning religious symbols in a government that gets days off for several Christian holidays is just Christian supremacy.
You can see the filament inside the light bulb.
I'm not joking, though.
There's too much propaganda on the Internet.
Can you answer the question?
Would you mind answering the question?
I'm only going to ask you once.
Do you have any weapons in the vehicle?
Do you have any drugs in the vehicle?
Do you mind if we search your car?
I want to exercise my right to remain silent.
Can I speak to a lawyer?
Can I speak to my lawyer?
Why am I being handcuffed?
Tom refused to take a breathalyzer test.
Tom was issued a citation.
Tom got a parking ticket.
Do you know why I stopped you?
When is she leaving?
When is Tom leaving?
When are you guys going to watch the movie?
Where do you guys want to go?
Psychiatric abuse is still a tremendous problem.
The heteros are upseteros.
Do you say that in the UK?
There's life after trauma.
A wizard did it.
Tom is a monolingual French speaker.
Tom was sucked into the vortex.
I was pulled into the free software vortex and have never escaped.
The domineering man pulls everyone into his vortex.
Tom pulls everyone into his vortex.
If you leave that there, someone might trip over it.
Tom wasn't entirely honest with me.
If you run into a problem, just give me a call.
Tom couldn't go home.
Tom wasn't allowed to go home.
Tom tripped over a power cord.
Tom hit his elbow when he fell.
Tom can't ride a skateboard.
Are they coming back?
Nobody knows where Tom ran off to.
Nobody knows where Tom has been hiding.
Nobody knows where Tom hid the money.
Nobody knows her name.
Nobody knows where Tom is buried.
Nobody knows what's inside the box.
Nobody knows what I'm about to say.
I'm sorry, did I ask you?
Nobody stopped to see if Tom was alright.
Mine are the best.
It's hard to find clothes in my size.
Do you know why I pulled you over?
If it gets too hot, just open the window.
I really miss my ex.
It can have a lot of interpretations.
It sounds wrong to me.
This might be said to a domestic animal.
Tom was such an asshole last night.
People say it often enough.
It makes perfect sense to me.
I changed the English sentence.
I changed the French sentence.
I loved that show as a kid.
"What's that?" "That's a Jewish star."
My daddy issues have nothing to do with my politics!
I've asked you several times to leave.
If you don't get out of my store, I'm going to have to call the cops.
We have the right to refuse service to anyone.
If you're not going to buy something, you have to leave.
I'd like to use these coupons.
I would like to speak with your manager.
He's going to spend the rest of his life in jail.
He's going to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
I thought I was a nerd in high school, but I was really just getting started.
Surveillance camera footage showed Tom lighting the fire.
I decided to interpret your remark in the most literal way possible.
Here's someone you should find out if you don't already know him.
Here's someone you should discover if you don't already know him.
Kabylia is called "Tamurt n Leqbayel" in Kabyle.
Catalonia is called "Catalunya" in Catalan.
Wales is called "Cymru" in Welsh.
Cornwall is called "Kernow" in Cornish.
People are still living homeless.
I'm not homeless anymore, but homelessness hasn't stopped existing.
It's not an individual achievement story that I survived homelessness; it's a story about the inhumanity of the system that allows people to go without homes when there is plenty of shelter for everyone.
Unscrew it.
Tom has been unemployed for a while.
Tom's story didn't add up.
Tom pretended he was listening.
Tom threatened Mary with a lead pipe.
Why does that paddle have holes in it?
My partner started school at a time when paddles were still used on students.
I'm sorry for snapping at you.
I didn't know paddles were still used as recently as the early 80s.
I was in the wrong.
I had no right to say something like that.
I shouldn't have yelled.
Hitler's "Final Solution to the Jewish Question" was officially decided upon in 1941.
Nazi Germany surrendered in 1945.
The means used to prepare the future become its cornerstone.
Honestly, I would rather be wrong.
Honestly, I'd rather be wrong.
"Everyone's dying to get into this place," Tom said, pointing at a cemetery.
You really show great intolerance.
You do show great intolerance.
Can cats have vegan cheese?
Can cats have vegan yogurt?
In Germany, many Jews used to work as cattle dealers.
A form of Western Yiddish survived among many Jewish cattle dealers as a trade language.
Can you drop me off at my house?
It's going to be miserable today.
I'm from the Midwest, so I'm an expert on talking about the weather.
The whole country was subject to the caprices of a madman.
Until that day we had spoken only through intermediaries.
Tom's got daddy issues.
Mary's got daddy issues.
Tom said this with trepidation, knowing Mary's temper.
Why was the king only a foot tall? Because he was a ruler.
Tom is three feet tall.
Tom is eight feet tall.
Things don't have to go back to the way they were.
The romantic in me is mostly dead, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
I don't believe in God, but I used to.
"Don't call me gay!" I shouted, not yet aware that I was, in fact, gay.
That's a very inconvenient place for you to lie, Cookie.
Sooner or later, it'll pass.
"It's all your fault, Tom." "What?" "Nothing; I'm just messing with you."
Centipedes can have between 30 and 354 legs.
Tom is a custodian.
Tom is the custodian.
You're a robot, aren't you?
Ahead, you'll find the Department of Redundancy Department straight ahead.
"We've finally decided on a name for our baby!" "Let me guess. It's Tom, isn't it?" "Actually, no; it's John."
Some people believe your right not to get punched in the face ends where their religion begins.
My cat quacks.
Cookie is upset that people don't pay more attention to her.
Cookie demands attention.
Cookie is always hungry.
Cookie! Get out of there!
It was aliens.
"Now this couldn't have been done by anyone but aliens." "I did that last night, Tom."
Generalizations are always wrong.
It's been way too hot.
European surnames among Ashkenazi Jews are a result of cultural genocide.
The 1787 Austro-Hungarian "Patent über die Judennamen" mandated that Jews take on German surnames.
Prior to 1787, the vast majority of European Jews did not have surnames.
Go home, Tatoeba. You're drunk.
"It doesn't make sense for me to get drunk with everything I have to do." "Ah don't worry, I understand, it's OK." "No, I mean, I'm still going to get drunk. But it just doesn't make sense."
"I was really asking myself whether it was bacon or pork," as Michel Rocard said.
Cookie is neglected.
Tom was true to his word.
Tom couldn't eat.
I was just asking to be polite.
I was just making conversation.
I didn't say it on purpose.
The cat came to cuddle.
My cats love me.
Shouldn't you be doing something more productive with your time?
I don't want to watch that.
Tom walked away without saying anything.
Tom crumpled the paper up into a ball and threw it into the trash can.
Tom refused to get out of the car.
Tom slid down the railing.
Tom can't do a pull-up.
Tom opened the book to a random page and began reading.
Tom peeked into Mary's medicine cabinet.
I was feeling homesick.
I wanted to go back home.
I'm feeling nostalgic.
Do you want to do something tonight?
I thought we were still on good terms.
Tom is not coming back.
Sorry about my tendency to text people manifestos.
It wasn't safe for me to make any other choice.
It wasn't me; it was God.
Tom and Mary did it together.
I'm very disappointed in you, Tom.
Tom, did you feed Cookie?
Cookie needs to go out.
I can't tell you if the use of force in Iraq today would last five days, or five weeks, or five months, but it certainly isn't going to last any longer than that.
You don't need to apologize for that.
If you're not a polyglot, be quiet!
If you're not a polyglot, shut up!
I think Tom's writing a manifesto.
Shut up, fascist.
I just wonder what Tom's up to.
I've never met a human before.
I like your tail.
Tom turned his cellphone off.
Tom threw a pebble at Mary's bedroom window.
Tom denied any involvement in the crime.
You were right about me.
My teacher accused me of plagiarism.
The clothes aren't dry.
The clothes are wet.
The lock's broken.
I need to ask my mom.
The pen is in the box.
The bottle is in the fridge.
The book is on my desk.
My laptop is on my bed.
Your shoes are by the front door.
Tom bought a welcome mat.
The porch light is on.
Tom leaves the lights on all day.
Tom doesn't really care about the environment.
Tom doesn't recycle.
Pop the hood.
Tom adjusted his rear-view mirror.
Tom opened the sunroof.
Our hubcaps were stolen.
Tom slept in his van.
Tom slammed his car door and drove off.
Tom slammed the car door.
Tom ate in his car.
My drink didn't fit in the cupholder.
Tom used his grandma's disabled parking placard to get a good parking spot at the water park.
Tom didn't signal before changing lanes.
Tom exceeded the speed limit.
Tom slowly veered into oncoming traffic.
Tom ran over a parking cone.
Tom lost control of his vehicle and hit the guardrail.
Tom bought a lemon.
Does the car have power steering?
Tom skidded off the road.
Tom got out of his car to assess the damage.
It was just a fender bender.
After the collision, Tom and Mary exchanged insurance information.
Tom's car was totalled.
Tom's car was covered in bumper stickers.
Tom had a pair of fuzzy dice hanging from his rear-view mirror.
Tom adjusted his seat.
Tom buckled his seat belt.
Tom put the car in reverse.
Tom shifted into second gear.
Tom stepped on the gas.
Tom stepped on the clutch.
Tom enjoys cruising around in his car.
Tom revved his engine.
Tom runs a chop shop.
I know the owner of this store.
I get a discount here.
I have an employee discount.
My neighbor is a realtor.
My boss is a very busy man.
I never see my boss.
Tom is digging for buried treasure.
It's not entirely legal.
Tom was trespassing.
No loitering.
Tom was arrested for disorderly conduct.
Tom had an open container in the vehicle.
Tom was fined for littering.
Tom was fined for jaywalking.
The cops were called to Tom's house.
Tom owns a house.
Tom has no internal monologue.
Tom doesn't play fair.
I disagree with your methods.
Your work is fantastic.
Can I take a picture with you?
Tom spent a half hour looking for Mary's ring in the bushes before finally giving up.
Tom thought the car was in reverse.
Tom has a high insurance premium.
Tom's parents were very supportive.
Tom's parents didn't approve of his lifestyle.
Stop copying me.
Go play outside.
Lock all the doors.
Go to the basement.
Izmir was once known as Smyrna.
Who are you, and what have you done with Tom?
Tom got into a heated internet argument.
Tom wanted to have the last word.
That was a meaningless argument.
Tom called his mom to see how she was doing.
Come back when you have a warrant.
Tom told the cop to come back when he had a warrant.
Tom spoke to the police officer through the screen door.
I don't know how to respond to that right now.
I'll respond to that later.
The computer is on.
Do you have a buyer?
Has it been appraised?
Do what you love.
Come down from there.
Is this the original version?
Is this a cover?
Tom is in a cover band.
The security guard asked to see my receipt.
Tom put the eggs in his shopping cart.
People overcomplicate things.
I've never met Tom in real life.
Tom's way out of your league.
The rope was long.
The hall was dimly lit.
I think they just woke up.
Do you have permission to be doing that?
I don't agree with it either, but rules are rules.
Is that a legal move?
I don't understand the rules completely.
I don't totally understand the rules.
I don't know how this game is played, but it's entertaining to watch.
That looks like it takes a lot of skill.
How long do you think Tom's been doing this?
Throw it all out.
Everything needs to be cleared out of this room.
Are you trying to upset me?
Why won't you apologize?
Why do you insist on being right all the time?
Get rid of it.
Get rid of all of it.
"You said blue was your favorite color." "No, I didn't. I hate blue."
Just get him a gift card or something.
I can see you put a lot of thought into this present.
Please don't buy me anything for my birthday.
I don't really celebrate my birthday.
I don't like it either, but that's just the way the system works.
Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do to change it.
Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
I totally forgot it was Mary's birthday.
Tom has a ton of books.
Tom runs a used bookstore.
Do you want to trade?
The tea is too strong.
It was completely pointless.
Tom took a wad of cash out of his pocket.
Talk some sense into him.
Rough him up a bit.
You should wait until you feel better.
Bugs Bunny is genderfluid.
The first Pride was a riot.
Tom had them all shot.
I heard shots coming from inside the building.
I heard gunfire downstairs.
I heard a commotion upstairs.
I heard the sound of glass shattering.
I heard a pop and saw a bright flash.
People were trying to break in.
Someone was trying to break in.
Some people were trying to get inside.
It sounded like some people were fighting.
I looked out the window, but I couldn't get a clear view of what was happening.
People were screaming.
There was a lot of commotion.
I saw Tom pull out a knife.
Tom's clothes were covered in mud.
Tom slipped and fell in the mud.
Tom had mud on his shoes.
Tom had mud on his boots.
Tom's shoes were muddy.
My cough has gotten worse.
Tom needs immediate medical attention.
You shouldn't go that fast.
Do you have any idea how fast you were going?
How fast are you?
Do you have any ice?
I need a couple ice cubes.
The ice is quickly melting.
It's frozen solid.
Tom and Mary are fast asleep.
I couldn't tell what was going on.
People were running in different directions.
Everybody stopped to see what had happened.
What's in it for Tom?
Mary was last seen getting into Tom's vehicle.
Tom told us everything about you.
We know you did it.
The phone is in my bag.
My phone is in my pocket.
My passport was in the bag.
I think someone took my bag.
Did you see who took my backpack?
My phone is big.
My phone is heavy.
The phone is in the bag.
How should I know where your phone is?
Where did you see it last?
Maybe you left it on your desk.
Maybe you left it in your room.
You should go back and double check.
My phone was very expensive.
I had some cash, my credit cards, and my driver's license in my wallet.
I think the trial period is up.
I don't want the subscription to automatically renew.
How can I turn off automatic renewal?
I'd like to cancel my subscription.
I like their service, but I just can't afford it.
It wasn't all that entertaining.
You'll have to call tech support.
They're working on the problem.
They said they'll get it fixed by the end of the day.
The problem was on their end.
The problem was on my end.
They put me on hold.
I can't get through to anyone.
I've been on hold for more than a half hour.
That's a tautology.
Tom's video got taken down.
My account got banned.
My account was suspended.
Tom is a moderator.
Tom is an admin.
I texted Tom, but he hasn't gotten back to me.
I wrote Tom a PM.
I emailed Tom about it.
Tom mostly keeps to himself.
Call an electrician.
I couldn't eat anything because I felt sick to my stomach.
I couldn't get into my car because people had parked really close on both sides.
I couldn't get out of the parking space because I was blocked in.
I couldn't see anything because I was blindfolded.
I couldn't understand what they were saying because they were speaking a foreign language.
I couldn't see anything because the lights were off.
I couldn't put my old pants on because they were too small.
I can't buy anything because I don't have any money.
I can't buy anything until my paycheck comes in.
I can't drive anywhere because my car's out of gas.
I can't drive anywhere because my car's in the shop.
I can't fall asleep with the lights on.
I'm having trouble sleeping because I drank a lot of coffee.
I didn't recognize Tom because he had put on a lot of weight.
Whoever did that to Tom needs to be punished.
I hope they find the guy who did it.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his dad.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his mom.
Tom's childhood was rough.
I didn't look, because I was afraid of what I might see.
The door was locked, so I couldn't open it.
Tom left the fridge door open.
Tom left the fridge door open, so I shut it.
Tom has been using my computer again.
I know the man who lives downstairs.
It was a really tragic story.
Tom lost nearly everything.
It was a total loss.
Tom was killed by a former business associate.
Tom is trying to see if the insurance will cover the damage.
Tom flagged down a police officer.
I know a good mechanic.
"Why did you do it, Tom?" "I didn't do anything!"
There are different theories, but to this day nobody knows why he did what he did.
The code has yet to be deciphered.
Tom was charged with obstruction of justice.
Tom was covering for Mary.
Tom is blaming it all on Mary.
Your tea's getting cold.
Tom will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Tom drove to the police station and turned himself in.
Tom said he felt remorseful about his actions.
Tom said he had some things he needed to get off his chest.
Tom confessed to everything.
Tom has been cooperating with the police.
I was being paid to say that.
You framed me.
Are the cameras rolling?
I don't know what you guys think I did, but I didn't do anything.
Tom got away scot-free.
Tom is only on chapter 3.
Tom never got around to reading that book I lent him.
Tom never read the book I recommended him.
Tom never read the book I lent him.
Tom doesn't know how to take care of his children.
Tom is always meddling in other people's business.
Tom is a real busybody.
Tom likes to snoop around.
Tom is really nosy.
Tom was hungry, so he made himself a sandwich.
Tom was tired, so he took a nap.
Tom was covered in sweat.
Tom was wearing overalls.
I fell asleep before I saw your last message.
The car's a rental.
It's a rental car.
Tom changed his oil.
The topic is really interesting, but it's hard to talk about.
The topic is really interesting, but it's hard to discuss.
It's a difficult topic to discuss.
Is that something you just heard somewhere?
How do you open this?
How do you turn this thing on?
What kind of plug is this?
What do you use this thing for?
Some parts were missing.
The instructions weren't clear.
It took forever to put together.
Your voice sounds awful.
The instructions were all in Chinese.
Some people just shouldn't sing.
Your singing voice is terrible.
Loosen the screw.
Put some elbow grease into it.
The symptoms are terrible.
It's a terrible disease.
You need medical treatment.
Tom mumbles.
Could you identify him in a lineup?
I wanted to be there, but something came up.
I couldn't get off work to come.
I'll make it next time.
I'll be there. I promise.
You may rely on her.
The ladybird, being known for its usefulness in the fight against the black aphid, has several names in Kabyle, including "the cow of orphans".
Unicorns use quintessence for magical purposes.
It depends on your rubric for judging quality.
It's a misnomer.
"Koala bear" is a misnomer, since koalas aren't bears.
Parry, then strike.
I'm trying to sleep and there are fireworks.
In fact, I don't like America.
America was a mistake.
July is named after Julius Caesar.
August is named after Augustus.
December used to be the tenth month.
September used to be the seventh month.
January is named after Janus, the Roman god of beginnings and doors.
I smell my old dog, who's been dead for almost twenty years.
Yes, I'm insane.
The Marxist-Leninist method does not bring society closer to communism, but nor is it to be conflated with communism itself.
If you enjoyed this video, be sure to like and subscribe.
America is an illegitimate state.
Continents are social constructs.
Reality is a scam by Big Physics to sell more textbooks.
Dogs have long snouts.
Tom is in a cult.
That sounds really interesting, actually.
I dropped the pen on the ground.
I put the notebook in my backpack.
I hopped the fence.
Are the doors unlocked?
Are the windows open?
Is it flammable?
Is it intact?
Are the fires still burning?
Tom was convicted of arson.
Tom used an accelerant to start the fire.
Tom used gasoline to start the fire.
Cookie already ate.
I wanted you to be there.
I asked if Tom was coming.
I asked if anyone had seen Tom.
You're a great employee.
You're a hard worker.
Scrub the toilet.
Smash it.
Take all of these boxes outside.
Put it all in the truck.
Clean up after you're done.
Try to get it done soon.
How many people were at the party?
Were there a lot of people at the party?
How late did you stay at the party?
It's usually the other way around.
It's not a common sight.
I think the website's down.
You can do whatever you want with it.
It's yours now.
Cookie is a long-haired cat.
Cookie is a short-haired cat.
Cookie is a golden retriever.
Tom withdrew some cash.
Cookie is a St. Bernard.
Tom deposited some money into his bank account.
Tom opened a savings account.
Tom opened a checking account.
Tom applied for a credit card.
Tom got a credit card.
Tom transferred some money from his checking account into his savings account.
Tom paid his credit card bill.
Tom took out a loan.
Uranus isn't very pretty.
What's your mortgage payment?
I can't afford that right now.
I'm trying to save up some money.
I'm trying to live within my means.
I'm trying to pay off my loans.
Tom is not good at managing his finances.
I paid with my debit card.
Let go of that.
Didn't you say you were on a diet?
That doesn't sound healthy.
Tom hid the cash somewhere.
They're looking for where Tom hid the cash.
How much can you bench?
Tom is in shape.
Those socks look really warm.
Tom drinks a lot of soda.
Do you need these papers?
Do you need these old receipts?
I'm going to throw it out.
Do whatever it takes to get it done.
I never even open those emails.
Don't click on suspicious links.
"A study just came out showing that trans people have a lower risk of suicide when allowed to live as their preferred gender." "Water is wet!"
What would Uranus smell like?
How can we be sure Tom knows what he's doing?
Once again, with gusto!
I noticed a large protrusion from the wall.
You'll only see them in the uppermost canopy.
I could only come up with hackneyed lines.
Mr. Jackson is an avaricious old man.
Sorry I apologize so much.
"A new study shows that bisexual people really do exist." "And water really is wet."
Raw, unpasteurized sauerkraut is full of probiotics.
I don't have anything to add.
Put the car in reverse.
Tom couldn't find a parking spot.
Are these complimentary?
Tom is a great storyteller.
The story was captivating.
Usually the behaviors deemed normal aren't the problem, only the fact that they are deemed normal and all of society is judged by adherence or non-adherence to them.
Continuity errors can ruin a show's immersive experience.
Tom mostly writes bucolics, despite rarely leaving Boston.
Do black holes lead to new universes?
Is there a Big Bang on the other side of every black hole?
The reality we can describe isn't reality as such, since it is filtered through our senses, minds, and languages.
There is a physical reality, but we must be skeptical of our knowledge of it.
Catalan isn't a dialect of Castillian.
Occitan isn't a dialect of French.
Occitan speakers have a right to keep their language and culture.
Castillian speakers renamed their language "Spanish" and declared all the other languages in Spain "dialects."
The mistakes of the past don't have to be repeated.
I think you misspoke.
The bomb was successfully defused.
I've wasted a number of years trying to change people who didn't want to change.
I'm not going to answer your question.
I'm not authorized to answer that.
Tom participated in the riots.
The captain is a narcissist.
The arsonist is a narcissist.
I thought Newt Gingrich was dead.
Let's retrace our steps.
The job never ends.
They're not supervillains.
“Walk ahead of yourself, like the dromedary who guides the caravan,” says a Tuareg proverb.
Even if I happen to be contradicted, I said it and swore it.
They don't satisfy me at all.
When the knees sway, it is the feet that clink.
Jim Morrison was so sexy.
Flip the patties with a spatula.
Swab the deck.
Tom used a cotton swab to clean his ear.
Tom is trapped inside.
Something in there smells terrible.
I'm a wolf.
I'm not OK with that.
Nobody asked what I thought about it.
Nobody asked for my opinion.
I decided to tell him anyway.
I decided to stay home.
I decided to call you.
I removed the sticker.
I took the sticker off.
I haven't missed a single day.
It's part of my morning routine.
Tom didn't brush his teeth last night.
It rolled under the couch.
Check in between the cushions.
Tom bought a snack from the vending machine.
Do you want anything from the vending machine?
It was too spicy.
Log out and log back in.
Tom was taken to the interrogation room.
You're not allowed to record here.
Please turn off the camera.
I'm trying to be friendly.
Don't run off.
Cut the cord.
Tom's life flashed before his eyes.
Tom broke his hip.
Wind the video back.
I didn't stick around.
I'll get dressed in a second.
Flip it upside down.
Use a glue stick.
Tape it back together.
I turned the radio off.
I went to the post office to send a package.
I went to the post office to buy some stamps.
I didn't mean to break it.
You were in on it the whole time.
I can't eat American mangoes.
American mangoes taste terrible; I can't eat them.
"I ate too much and I feel bloated." "First world problems."
I'd like to be reincarnated as a dolphin.
Is Cookie a turtle or a tortoise?
Is Cookie a hamster or a gerbil?
Cookie doesn't like it when you grab her toe beans.
Mussolini did not make the trains run on time.
I'm going to try that.
You've got white powder coming out of your nose.
I don't do that stuff anymore.
I don't even do that stuff anymore.
I've had the theme song stuck in my head all day.
Reading this sentence constitutes acceptance of its Terms and Conditions.
The babka is on its way.
Dice the onions.
Wrap it up.
Wipe it off.
Check the answer key.
I'm practicing.
I'm going to need some help with the project.
Do you think you could help me out?
We'll get started in a moment.
Please excuse the delay.
Can you hear me clearly?
You didn't tell me you were filming.
Let's give it another try.
There's no easy solution.
We're going to have to keep working on it.
I bookmarked the page.
I copied the link.
I opened the link.
I clicked on the link.
There might be an issue with the connection.
I'm a compatibilist.
I'm a determinist.
Everything is predetermined.
There are universal moral laws.
Morality is objective.
Morality is subjective.
I pulled the fire alarm.
Set it down.
Empty it out.
I shot and missed.
I'm reloading.
I won't shoot you.
Where's the safe?
What's the combination?
The Bolsheviks were counterrevolutionaries who thwarted the socialist revolution.
Do your worst.
The Bolsheviks outlawed unions and strikes.
The Bolsheviks disempowered the workers' councils, replacing them with direct Bolshevik rule under the veneer of council rule.
I think this will help Cookie feel at home.
Cookie hissed.
Cookie growled.
Cookie doesn't like it when people do that.
Cookie let out a long, loud squeak.
I don't live on Park Street.
I don't think Esperanto is a cult, no.
The boy doesn't have a bike.
Tom isn't antisocial.
Tom's not antisocial.
We won't be able to find you another lawyer.
Why didn't you wash your plate?
You didn't wash your plate.
I'm obviously a cat.
She's just like us.
Tom's just like us.
I didn't fall in love with you the moment I saw you, but only much later.
Skip that section.
He's not a thief.
She's not a thief.
Tom's not a thief.
Tom is not a thief.
I skipped the introduction.
Skip the introduction.
We can't stop at every rest stop.
I regret wasting my time on that.
That film was terrible.
It was a huge waste of time.
Have at it.
My books are in my locker.
Are you proud of where you come from?
Are you proud of your country?
Tom was baptized.
Have a little faith.
Did the payment go through?
Has the payment gone through?
I built a shed.
You dropped this.
Tom dedicated the book to Mary.
The book is really dense.
The book has some interesting illustrations.
Who illustrated this book?
Whoever drew this is really talented.
Tom lost all his credibility.
We need an expert.
Are you being honest with us?
I couldn't make out what they were saying.
I asked them to turn down the music.
Set your clock back.
Your shirt is on backwards.
I'm making good progress.
I fell behind a little.
Tom forgot to pick me up from school.
The video is grainy.
I think it's broken.
There's some paint in the garage.
I keep my tools in the garage.
It's in the attic.
Take it apart.
Put it back together.
The wheel came off.
It's unstable.
Fasten it.
The monitor stopped working.
Tom is eating soup.
That happened to a friend of mine.
I loved him, I think.
Some things just don't make any sense.
That was over a decade ago.
I took Tom down a peg.
It went down the wrong pipe.
Cookie is sleeping on my stomach.
That story turned out to be a hoax.
She's a goddess.
She's a queen.
He's a queen.
What time is sundown?
I didn't know you were gay.
It's hidden.
It's hidden in the basement.
I'm pretty sure that's against the law.
They weren't being supervised.
Tom just wanted to stay home.
Something leaked in the bag.
The product was damaged.
I tried to fix it.
Tom's drunken rant included a number of racial epithets.
Tom was fired for using a racial epithet at work.
Tom's bumper was damaged in the accident.
We will need to replace the front bumper.
Tom put a bumper sticker on his car.
Tom's bumper has a scratch on it.
Can you give me a brief overview?
We gave a quick overview of our findings.
Tom loves turnips.
Tom ate a turnip.
Tom eats turnips raw.
Tom grows turnips.
Follow the link to take a short quiz.
Tom took an online quiz to find out what his spirit animal was.
The quiz should only take about five minutes.
You can quiz me.
Quiz me.
We had a pop quiz.
The quiz was really easy.
Our curriculum is comprehensive.
The curriculum needs to be updated.
Try to get more exposure to your target language.
Back when it was first introduced, the telephone was quite the novelty.
Tom gave Mary a novelty pencil sharpener for her birthday.
The picture is fuzzy.
Tom was at a family reunion.
Tom will be hosting this year's family reunion.
Tom is an eligible bachelor.
Tom is eligible for benefits.
Are you eligible to vote?
Tom chambered another round.
I was in turmoil.
That's a fringe theory.
The cost of car ownership is increasing.
Is gun ownership legal in your country?
This coupon can only be redeemed in-store.
The perimeter has been breached.
In case my last text wasn't clear enough, I'm breaking up with you.
The jury was sequestered.
There's a rivalry between our schools.
The boat drifted away.
Tom makes a stable living.
We caught a lucky break.
The panting breathless climbers were on the edge of the plateau.
What nerve to have shouted: "Silence!" answered him his brother.
I don't exist.
These dried Indian mangoes are better than fresh American mangoes.
Alphonso is the king of mangoes.
Here was a man utterly convinced of his own moral rectitude.
The "Soviet Union" was a misnomer, as it actually disempowered the soviets and subjugated them to the Communist Party leadership.
It's not atypical.
Tom was arrested for inciting an insurrection.
There are languages galore at Tatoeba.
There's whisky galore at Tom's party.
Tom's squadron hasn't reported in.
Let's get you dressed.
It's not fatal.
I scoured the Internet for information about the case.
Scour the pan.
The painting is in an ornate frame.
Don't exacerbate the problem.
The harsh weather exacerbated his illness.
Tom hasn't been online in days.
Tom usually gets back to me right away.
Someone was tugging on my sleeve.
"Do you mind if we ask you a few questions?" "Ask away."
The thieves made off with quite a haul.
I'm hauling produce.
The video cameras are mainly there to deter thieves.
They put up a sign to deter trespassers.
Tom isn't easily deterred.
Tom shaves his armpits.
No, I'm not going to smell your armpit.
The empire was dismantled.
These are dark times.
Tom was responsible for more than one significant scientific breakthrough.
It's a scientific breakthrough.
Based on his test results, Tom was put in the intermediate English group.
We could use your input.
Input your name.
Input your email address.
Thanks for the valuable input.
We decided to drive there on a whim.
We're running out of provisions.
Tom looked through the scope on his rifle.
We need to understand the scope of the problem.
That goes beyond the scope of our lesson.
That goes beyond the scope of this course.
Give me some incentive.
I like to highlight important quotes while reading.
I only watched the highlights.
I only watched the highlight reel.
Do you have a highlighter I can borrow?
Do you like ginger?
Do you like ginger ale?
I hate the taste of ginger.
I always buy in bulk.
This store sells everything in bulk.
These pills won't cure you, but they might alleviate the pain.
Most people who have spoken to Tom would say that he's very outgoing.
Our plans fell through.
The K9 unit was deployed.
The airbags failed to deploy.
Check the itinerary.
This valve needs to be replaced.
This valve is broken.
This was a very prevalent issue at the time.
This issue was much more prevalent back then.
You're a liability.
Military recruiters came to our school.
Where I come from, that's just common courtesy.
Tom gets his drinking water from a well on his property.
John challenged Tom to a fight after school by the basketball court, but Tom never showed up.
Tom opened his car door with a little too much force and accidentally dinged the car parked next to him.
Mary was found guilty of Tomicide.
Tom devised a cunning and incredibly petty plan to get back at Mary.
Tom didn't have any money to buy Mary a birthday present, so he wrote her some terrible poetry instead.
I think something's wrong with my brain.
Do you like ale?
What's the difference between ale and lager?
Do you have any wine coolers?
How long is a flight from Australia to Canada?
We rode around Australia in a bus doing drag shows.
"I hate this song!" "Then why are you dancing?"
I'm the only one at the hostel who doesn't speak French.
Tom is an aspiring rapper.
I just want to remind you that this wasn't my idea.
It was pure incompetence on my part.
Tom is secretly an elf named Gwanunig.
Why would I give Tom the apple?
The same people who falsely accuse immigrants of spreading disease are arguing for their own inalienable right to spread disease.
Tom has narcolepsy.
Tom dodged the draft.
Tom's only backup plan in case things went wrong was to fake a heart attack.
In order to claim the sizable inheritance that your distant great uncle left you in his will, I'm happy to inform you that all you have to do is make a one-time, $500 bank transfer to the following account.
Tom carefully read each line of the website's terms of service and privacy policy before deciding whether he really wanted to create an account.
Smoke more.
More than that is a bit too much.
More than this is a bit much.
A little bird told me that.
We're cat moms.
I'm telling you, this is the spot. Just keep digging.
Tom tried to cure his stage fright by imagining everyone in the audience was naked, but it didn't really help.
"Just imagine everyone is naked." "But I'm bisexual!"
Tom didn't think any potential employers would ever bother to actually check his references, so he just made up fake names and wrote down random phone numbers.
Cookie is stretched out on my desk.
I've been feeling weak.
If no one has told you they love you today, I love you.
You make the world better by being in it.
Is that a Berber language?
I like mushrooms.
How closely related are the Semitic and Berber languages?
Have all Berber languages been influenced by Punic?
Your name sounds like a swear word in my native language.
After an extensive investigation, Tom was cleared of any wrongdoing.
I don't want to be on the same team as you.
You don't know me or what I'm capable of.
Truth shouldn't bend to politics.
Tom's prank went too far and Mary ended up crying.
This is all a big mix up. I'm not the guy you're looking for.
I have as much right as anyone to be here.
I'm going to have to ask you to get off my property.
Why is the floor covered in water?
Is there a leak?
What are we having?
I've never tried maple syrup.
Is it vegan?
What's your least favorite color?
"Why are you refusing?", he asked him.
French is a Romance language.
French is a Romance language and English is a Germanic language.
Unfortunately, neither of them are alive anymore.
Unfortunately, I never got to meet them.
The floor is covered in sawdust.
Tom, share with your brother.
Nobody's forcing you to stay here.
Censorship is not always a bad thing.
Our house got broken into.
Tom started having those dreams again.
Tom planned the whole thing months in advance.
Tom went out of his way to make their honeymoon truly memorable.
No matter how simple the recipe is, Tom will find a way to screw it up and burn something.
No, Tom. I'm not letting you cook in my kitchen after what happened last time.
Tom has done a lot of stupid stuff, but I don't think he'd ever do something that stupid.
You're not going to be around forever.
I'm not worth it.
I'm not heterosexual.
Tom Jackson was pronounced dead at 2:30 PM on Sunday, October 20, 2013.
When I was growing up, everyone in my family had to share the same computer.
Cookie dropped the mouse on Tom to wake him up.
My cat likes to chase the mouse cursor.
That's a very anglonormative approach.
I don't need to take care of myself.
You can sleep when you're dead.
Liquor before beer, you're in the clear. Beer before liquor, never been sicker.
Tom flew into a childish fit of rage and threw his glasses on the floor with enough force to break them.
The guy who was sitting next to me on the bus had his headphones turned up so loud that I could clearly make out the song that he was listening to.
Tom changed his number.
Becoming increasingly convinced that the end of the world was fast approaching, Tom sold most of his earthly possessions and began living in a tent off the grid.
Tom's parents are worried sick about him and just want to know that he's alright.
I'll have to check with my manager.
"I'll grant you three wishes," said the genie.
Tom is obsessed with the number three.
Tom is deeply traumatized.
Walking into the classroom, Tom suddenly realizes he forgot to wear clothes! But he wakes up right then and realizes it was just a dream.
Mary only uses lowercase letters when she texts, and she rarely uses punctuation.
I can't stand being around Tom's friends because they're incredibly obnoxious.
Tom just got out of prison and he doesn't want to go back.
Tom patiently listened to the door-to-door salesman's entire spiel before politely declining his offer and wishing him a good day.
Tom's overall message was good, but the delivery was way off.
The idea was excellent, but the execution was terrible.
I know exactly what you're talking about, but I can't remember what it's called.
During finals week, the first and second floors of the library will be open twenty-four seven.
With a little bit of hesitation, Tom stepped into the van and pulled a wad of cash out of his jacket pocket.
Tom was so out of shape that he couldn't run a lap around the block without hyperventilating.
Tom filled the glass to the very brim and challenged Mary to carry it across the room without spilling a drop.
If you leave any leftovers in the fridge, your brother will eat them by the time we wake up.
Is your brother planning on getting a job anytime soon?
If your brother is going to be staying with us, maybe he could help out by paying rent or doing chores or something.
Our children are the apple of our eye.
In order to use one of the shopping carts the store provides, you have to insert a small coin into the lock mounted on the cart.
If the device is not connected to the internet, the date and time settings will have to be manually input.
The suspect slipped and impaled himself while attempting to climb over a wrought iron fence.
What makes a good mystery story?
Tom is the only one who's sober.
Tom keeps a flask in his inside jacket pocket.
Tom always smells like cigarettes.
Tom and Mary were married for 13 years.
Tom flew to Atlantis on the back of a unicorn.
The cat loves meat.
So little water, it's really a trickle.
I got upgraded to first class.
Tom got into a bar fight and used a pool cue as a weapon.
When I cough twice, that's your cue to come into the room.
Just read the cue cards.
Feel the rhythm.
Protesters clashed with police at the demonstration.
Anything we have, we can lose.
Tom says he was sick that day, which is—pardon my French—bullshit.
That joke gets funnier every time you tell it.
Tom, why are you shirtless?
Tom ran outside to put some change in the parking meter.
I could get in trouble for talking to you.
There is no wheat that I have not ground.
I can't take on any more projects right now.
Tom just finished writing a 300-page treatise on demography.
We're taking a class on disaster preparedness uptown.
His abstemious habits gave him a skeletal appearance.
Tom fell down a YouTube rabbit hole and started hating French speakers.
If you come across a word you don't know while reading, look up its definition in the dictionary.
These toilets better be spotless by the time I come back!
Tom read the book so many times that the binding started coming apart.
I used to have a copy of that book, but I made the mistake of lending it to someone years back and they never returned it.
Tom's RA caught him using a hot plate in his room and wrote him up.
When a cat or dog licks you, it's their equivalent of petting you.
Tom's "treatise" was little more than a racist diatribe.
The show has lost a lot of its mystique over seven seasons.
Breached and battered, the ruin stands in a grove of ilex on a very beautiful promontory.
That cat is like a puppy.
That word's not in the dictionary.
I think the deck is missing a few cards.
That sounds like a waste of money.
Don't tell anyone you saw me here.
Tom didn't clean his phone's screen carefully enough before putting on the screen protector, so now there are a bunch of bubbles on his screen.
If they see us talking to each other, we could get in a lot of trouble.
You sound insane.
Tonight, we will make up our minds.
Many Jews from Kurdistan speak Aramaic or come from Aramaic-speaking families.
Most of the Jews of Kurdistan were ethnically cleansed during the 1950s.
Yemen's 2000-year-old Jewish community has come to an end on account of Houthi persecution.
No one assaults Evangelicals on the basis of a presumed support for Israel.
"Nobody believes that." "Well, almost nobody."
"You would never make fun of me for saying that." "Yes, I would."
The first female rabbi was an Aramaic speaker from Southern Kurdistan.
Since the fire has caught, you might as well warm up.
If you get involved for me today, it will be my turn tomorrow.
If I give of myself today, I should count on you tomorrow.
Islamic tradition has a Jewish convert, Kaʽb al-Aḥbār, pointing the Foundation Stone out to the caliph Umar, which Umar immediately recognized as a holy site for Jews.
You can go on the Internet and say whatever you want without backing it up or responding to criticism.
"What's demonography?" "That says demography, Tom."
My cat Cookie is a dog at heart.
Where do the Houthis expect the Jews they ethnically cleansed to go?
The whole village will laugh for a long time.
I hope I don't have any dreams.
Can you get COVID twice?
I hope I don't have any nightmares.
"Wherever I have left my stones, I will pass again," said the river ... when its water was flowing yet.
Why would you say that unless you were just trying to be contrarian?
My favorite Yiddish neologism is "faktazye" for science fiction, a portmanteau of the words for "fact" and "fantasy."
You're a cat, Cookie.
Can you still get COVID if you're fully vaccinated?
You're delusional if you really believe that.
Have a burger!
It was 23 dollars.
I'm about to send you my résumé.
So what if I am a goblin?
Gender is a spectrum.
I don't get it; what does BDSM have to do with Ben & Jerry's?
I can't find my prazosin.
He's a fussy cat.
I use this website. You've probably never heard of it. It's called Tatoeba.
Copyright isn't legitimate.
Poverty isn't cool.
Tom went to the bank to open a checking account.
Tom's debit card expired.
Tom filled out an application for a credit card.
Tom refinanced his mortgage.
Tom switched banks.
What's the interest rate?
The submission deadline has been extended.
Tom submitted his application on time.
Those are my shoes! Give them back; you are a dog! They don't even fit!
Tom is my tenant.
Tom drinks craft beer.
Tom likes doing arts and crafts.
Tom wasn't really performing at the concert. That was just his hologram.
Tom is celibate.
Choose a random spot on the map.
I read your tweet.
Have you ever studied anthropology?
I can't get into specifics at the moment.
Non-alcoholic beer won't get you drunk.
I don't know anyone who speaks Tamil.
My enemies are conspiring against me.
Inhaling these fumes could cause damage to your lungs.
I don't care if you shun me.
The event was a public relations disaster.
You're way out of line, buddy.
Tom always calls me by the wrong name, but I never correct him.
Tom really prepared for the lesson.
That's anecdotal evidence.
Clostridioides difficile is an example of anaerobic bacteria.
That book isn't nonfiction; it's historical fiction.
When I'll give you my hand, please don't point your elbow!
Thou shalt have no other gods before Me.
You shall have no other gods before Me.
Thou shalt not make unto thee a graven image, nor any manner of likeness, of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth below, or that is in the water under the earth.
This life is intentionally left blank.
This actually has a good translation in French.
The proto-language of Afroasiatic is not well understood, and it's not clear how knowable it is at all.
Are there many Assyrian speakers in Australia?
I learned a bit of Chaldean on that app I told you about.
Abolish work.
Tom is a gutless, spineless, gormless, underachieving twat.
Whatever kind of Jew you don't like, I'm that one.
What's the difference between a prelate and a bishop?
I got sand in more orifices than I knew I had.
Rousseff said that the intensity of Brazil's downturn caught her by surprise and that she would do "whatever it takes" to attenuate it.
He also pointed to a robust U.S. reconstruction effort in Iraq, which he said is beginning to improve the everyday lives of Iraqis and attenuate public sympathy for the insurgents.
With the federal government partially shut down amid vociferous debate in Congress over the health care reform law, President Barack Obama said Republicans are holding Americans and the U.S. economy hostage for ideological reasons.
Absent sustained and vociferous public outcry, President Barack Obama's call for a bipartisan budget deal may fall on deaf ears.
Experts say any contact with a fluid containing the Ebola virus could cause infection, especially if it occurs at an orifice or wound that would provide entry into the bloodstream.
Symptoms of Lassa fever in the early stage include headache and fever, while in later stages people can bleed from their mouth and other orifices.
U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter delivered the keynote address at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore Saturday.
Anaerobic respiration is distinct from fermentation.
When's the cutoff for the summer issue?
How do you make vegan cannabutter?
Fidel is a natural leader in bed.
The country has sunk to a point of no return.
Dude, trust me.
Tom found a portal to another dimension.
Nobody swims in the lagoon because it's filthy.
If you cut off one of its heads, two more will grow back in its place.
Dragons are real.
I was purring in Tom's lap when, suddenly, a stranger appeared!
Cookie isn't my pet cat; I'm Cookie's pet human.
Do you even translate, bro?
He's an utterly gorgeous man.
God is a tsundere.
Which way do I go to get to Canada?
Where's the bridge to Canada?
Where's the Canadian border?
We can't be silent anymore.
What will you look like when you get old?
What will you look like when you get older?
Tom had fish and chips for tea.
Where did he get so much money from?
How could he have had so much money?
How did he get so much money?
I've never seen them in concert.
I don't believe Tom was telling the truth.
I'm sure Tom meant every word of it.
I'm taking care of Tom's cat Cookie while he's away.
I take care of the place while Tom is away.
He looks like a certain guy I know.
I'm surprised how long Early Modern English held out among some authors.
Languages don't devolve into dialects from a pure state; rather, standards are created out of dialects.
"Just get over it." "I would if I could."
"Just get over it." "I would if it were that simple."
We are in expectancy of which event could happen yet.
We do not know which foot to dance on.
Can you turn the fan on?
Can I take your plate?
Are you finished with your plate?
Watch out for the cat.
Don't kick the cat.
The cats have been getting into the basement.
Maybe we could try doing more.
Tom spoke with his usual rasp, but something was off.
The windshield was covered in rime.
The part of a syllable after the onset is called the rime.
The nucleus and optional coda of a syllable are called the rime.
The rime consists of the vowel and any final consonants of a syllable.
It's a garish dress she's got on.
Where do you find tungsten ore?
If you don't get off here, you'll have to get on the turnpike.
The Pennsylvania Turnpike has long sections with no shoulder.
There's a highway you can take with no tolls that's just as quick as the turnpike.
The Senate is expected to adjourn later this week, leaving weighty issues unaddressed and major legislation in limbo.
Esther made the challah.
I've never made round challah before.
Why would you put meat in jello?
Sleeping hasn't been one of my issues lately.
My brain isn't working.
What do you like about French?
If I learn the French of France, will I be able to understand Canadian French speakers?
Paleo-Hebrew is a writing system, not a language.
The Nazi genocide of Roma and Sinti is called the Porajmos.
The Porajmos occurred concurrently with the Holocaust or Shoah.
Porajmos comes from the Romani word for devouring.
Tell Tom I don't care.
Are you on Tom's team?
Are you and Tom siblings?
Tom's downstairs, right?
Tom wouldn't have wanted this.
Tom isn't very consistent.
From what I know about Tom, that sounds as likely as anything.
I'm inclined to believe Tom is a spy.
We're all gay here.
"We're all gay here." "I'm not." "You're not?" "No, why would you think I was?" "This is a gay support group." "It is?"
Should I stay?
The governor ordered a stay of execution for Tom Jackson.
The governor stayed Tom Jackson's execution after new evidence came to light.
Stay weird.
Your punishment is stayed pending appeal.
Stay home. I'll be right there.
China is a capitalist country.
Tom can't stay mad forever.
I'm you from the future.
No language is superior to any other.
There need to be more vegan fast food restaurants.
I have a thing for fast food.
Tom had never seen fireflies until he left Australia for Canada.
Why, Tom?
Tom is a good name for a male cat.
Well, I guess I did wear a fursuit once.
"Are you crazy?" "Yes."
Don't step on the snake.
What's your fursona?
Hebrew achieved its present form during the lifetime of Ancient Hebrew.
Society operates according to a contract known as the social EULA.
"I have two cats." "Congratulations!"
If you'd been where I've been and seen what I've seen, you'd feel the same way.
Jews were ethnically cleansed from the city of Nazareth in 629 CE by the Christian emperor Heraclius.
I figured out what I did wrong last time.
I think I could do it this time.
I think it would work this time.
Cookie curled up between my legs.
At the time, I had never heard of him.
I can hear Tom chopping vegetables in the kitchen.
Tom poured all of his whiskey down the drain.
Tom set his car's odometer back before selling it to an unsuspecting buyer.
The locals don't trust Tom.
Mary reluctantly agreed to listen to another one of Tom's freestyle raps.
A security guard escorted Tom off the premises.
Tom's duffel bag didn't fit in the overhead compartment.
We're trying to cut back on overhead expenses.
The photo editor includes a feature which allows users to add a blur effect to images.
Tom's face was blurred out in the interview, but you could still tell it was him because of his distinctive voice.
According to the law in this country, minors' faces have to be blurred out in the news, even if they're accused of committing serious crimes.
Traditionally, the patty goes between the hamburger buns.
Tom has a man-bun.
Tom got into a drunken bar brawl and had to defend himself with a shot glass and a bar stool.
You did pretty well for a first-timer.
War should be avoided at all costs.
I'm in a bad spot. It seems like everything has gone wrong this week.
I'm in a bad spot. Let me move around a bit. Can you hear me now?
A handful of bees is worth a thousand wasps.
How many squats can you do?
What muscles do squats target?
You need to work on your squat form.
The previous tenants were evicted.
The previous tenants turned the home into a meth lab.
This cactus looks soft and fuzzy, but you shouldn't touch it because its spines are very sharp and will get stuck in your hand.
Tom came out of his bedroom wearing pajamas and fuzzy slippers.
I saw an inchworm.
Every empire falls.
The water was tepid.
In this year of the Jubilee all land, and village houses, and the houses of the Levites were to revert to their original owners.
Was the year of the Jubilee held once in every forty-nine years or once in every fifty?
The cycle of 49 years, marked out by the return of the Jubilee, was a useful and practical one.
Have faith in the future and always seek the honorable outcome; with your roots, germinate the seeds.
Antisemites don't want Jews to live anywhere.
Remember to eat lots of bran to keep your bowels moving.
I can't eat bran cereal without fruit.
I'm making a red sauce.
Keep your head down and try to blend in.
Is the green curry vegan?
"I just want you to know that you matter." "Oh, I'm sorry for making you feel like you need to say that to me." "Tom, you're not listening." "Sorry." "Tom..."
Anyone who does not have tools always finds the slightest problem insoluble.
Cats always need to feel like they have the choice to stop an interaction.
A cat's tail and ears tell you a lot about what they are feeling and asking for.
When a cat's ears are pulled back and their tail is tucked in, it means they feel threatened and should be left alone.
When a cat's tail is in the shape of a question mark, it usually means they want to play.
When a cat is facing the wall, it means they want to be left alone.
A cat whose whiskers are pulled back against their cheeks is ready to bite.
Cats understandably don't like to be in situations they can't escape from.
I grew up with dogs and I still love them, but nowadays I'm a cat person.
Ancient Carthaginians engaged in child sacrifice.
"I'm gay." "I know, Tom." "How did you know?" "You're my boyfriend!"
Cats love boxes.
Tom's a character, isn't he?
When the left talks about elites, they're talking about economics. When the right talks about elites, they're talking about culture.
They were watching Al-Jazeera in Algiers, Algeria.
Over there on that tree, there are some slime molds in their sexual reproductive state.
From the theory of relativity, Einstein has calculated both the transverse and the longitudinal accelerations experienced by a charged body moving in an electromagnetic field.
Once you turn 16, you can get your learner's permit.
Driving alone or without a licensed adult is grounds for having your learner's permit revoked.
"Do you have a driver's license?" "No, but I have a learner's permit."
The governor issued a reprieve hours before Tom was set to be executed by lethal injection.
Execution by lethal injection is inhumane.
This prison only performs executions by lethal injection.
Opponents of lethal injection have argued the practice constitutes cruel and unusual punishment on the basis of a number of botched executions.
Is execution by lethal injection unconstitutional?
Tom was scammed out of several thousand dollars while attempting to find a mail-order bride on the internet.
The slime mold Physarum polycephalum has 720 sexes.
My wife had terrible morning sickness during her first pregnancy.
Before becoming a famous actor, Tom worked as a personal trainer.
Tom worked as a PE teacher, not a personal trainer.
I only use pens, but I still have a pencil sharpener in my backpack for some reason.
Tom opened the pencil sharpener and emptied the shavings out into the trash.
How did people sharpen their pencils before the invention of the pencil sharpener?
One of the benefits of using mechanical pencils is that you don't need to use a pencil sharpener.
The teacher kept an electric pencil sharpener in the classroom for when students needed to sharpen their pencils.
That medication isn't sold over the counter.
Mental disabilities are disabilities.
Trans women are women.
Trans men are men.
Nonbinary people are real.
Being gay isn't a choice, but if it was, there would be nothing wrong with making it.
I've wanted Andrew Cuomo to resign since 2016, and today I got my wish.
Of course we have a lightning rod.
Tom jumped over the counter to steal money from the cash register.
Are antibiotics sold over the counter in your country?
Our landlord didn't want to return our security deposit.
Tom buys a gallon of two-percent milk every time he goes to the store.
I only drink whole milk, because two-percent and skim milk taste watered-down.
Tom is hoping to transfer from his community college to a four-year college.
Tom graduated from community college with an associate degree.
How many French speakers are there in Australia?
My dog Cookie understands French and English commands.
My parrot Cookie speaks French and English.
The word "Jew" comes from the Latin word "Iudaeus", meaning "Judean."
In Ancient Hebrew the Hebrew language was called Yehudhith, meaning Jewish.
I don't condone the actions of that country, but nor am I okay with historical erasure for any reason.
Do you want me to just always tell you what you want to hear?
Tom was wearing a balaclava.
The soldier took off his balaclava.
Stow your carry-on luggage in the overhead compartments.
Tom lifted the barbell over his head with ease.
The weights were so heavy that the barbell started to bend.
How much does this barbell weigh without any weights added?
Tom and Mary played leapfrog.
Tom is single and ready to mingle.
Get a job, you moocher!
Cats are often said to hold grudges, but they don't stay angry long in my experience.
Tom kept picking at the scab on his hand.
Tom just tells people what they want to hear.
Are you looking for criticism or validation?
Do you want feedback?
You want my honest opinion?
That's not what I would expect from Tom.
Tom is dreamy.
I had two teeth pulled.
He doesn't bite.
He doesn't bite. He's a good boy. Aren't you, Cookie?
It's a white oval pill with the imprint M 357.
We're watching birds.
We're birdwatching.
"Tom, aren't you a LARPer?" "No! I'm a World War II reenactor! Stop calling me that!"
You're a filthy degenerate.
He's a stinky cat.
Are those chips vegan?
My dog Cookie is a vegan.
Cookie didn't come back last night.
Are spatulas for scraping or turning?
Where did you get that spatula?
They don't just sell spatulas there, do they?
What did you do with the spatula?
Where do you keep the spatula?
Let's talk shop.
How quaint.
Shall we imbibe?
"Oh dear, Thomas, my good sir, I seem to have imbibed excessively and now I'm quite inebriated." "Stop talking like that, John!"
"I came, I imbibed, I exbibed." "Exbibed?" "Think about it." "I wish I hadn't."
There is a dearth of sentences involving the word "dearth" on Tatoeba.
There is a dearth of information as to Tom Jackson's brother John.
There is no dearth of good will, only of courage.
Remember to eat lots of bran.
Tom is a woodland elf and John is a dwarf from the mountains.
Afghanistan is older than Germany.
You're not a leftist; you're a contrarian edgelord who typically sides with the far right.
We found Cookie.
Jews are also known as Hebrews and Israelites.
Look at that little hummingbird.
You hear those cicadas?
Turkey, Lebanon and Jordan took in the largest number of Syrian refugees.
Tom opened the car door and stepped out of the vehicle.
You could get in trouble for doing that.
Do you recognize any of these men?
Tom has never changed a diaper.
Pick a film.
Ideology should never trump human life.
No one went to Tom's party.
It's so inconspicuous.
It looks like there's nothing there.
Are you breaking out?
I've been eating a lot of mushrooms lately.
Wait a minute, who am I?
Cookie's a good pupper.
You were a hot mess back then.
The word Peleshet originally referred to the coastal region of Southern Canaan.
He's a gross man.
He's a pig, that Tom.
What's that on your arm? Are you breaking out?
I love these grapes.
And on the seventh day, God paid his bills.
Tom is an accomplished person.
The list was handwritten.
I can't make out what letter this is supposed to be.
Your handwriting is terrible.
Write your name and phone number on the list.
We'll be in touch with you soon.
Send me a copy of the report.
The form has to be filled out using either blue or black ink.
Initial here.
Tom accidentally set himself on fire.
Tom sustained serious burns and had to go to the hospital.
If the apple never falls far from the tree, explain dogs and wolves.
Islam is to Christianity as Christianity is to Judaism.
I won't say more.
Christians think Islam depends on bad-faith interpretations of their religion, and Jews think the same thing about Christianity.
If poets are immortal, how come they're all dead?
"What's up, Cookie?" "Meow." "You always say that."
2021 is an anagram of 2012.
Tom is kind of like you.
We have an animal mind and a rational mind, and the animal mind is the one with the operating system installed on it.
Exposing bad ideas doesn't kill them because people aren't perfectly rational, and propaganda is designed to bypass reason.
People aren't rational.
Supersessionism is the theological belief that Christianity has replaced Judaism, rendering it obsolete and taking its place.
There is a sort of linguistic supersessionism prevalent among ideological proponents of Modern Hebrew, who see it as having taken the place of Yiddish, Ladino, Judeo-Arabic, and others.
Tom's just your average Joe.
"I'm just your average Joe." "You mean Tom?" "What?"
We can't just let in every Tom, Dick, and Harry.
We can't just let in every Tom, Dick, and Harry. But Tom, John, and Mary are another story.
Drugs are good.
Drugs are bad.
Some drugs are bad, others good, others simply underwhelming.
"Cookie's sixteen." "That's an old pooch."
Tom's favourite animal is a jerboa.
A bulbous man sat at a table in the corner.
He has a bulbous member.
"What's that bulbous thing?" "It's a bulb."
Our gym teacher was a bulbous man.
Pears are bulbous.
A bulbous man and a rail-thin man ate happily at a table in the corner, and you could tell they were a couple.
Two bulbous women were kissing on a park bench.
Tom is the most pliable of the four.
With enough money, it's a simple matter to find and work the most pliable politicians.
Tom interrupted the convivial atmosphere to tell everyone that crab-like aliens were invading.
The Yiddish word "kvell" is often used in Jewish English to describe taking vicarious joy in the accomplishments of a family member or fellow Jew.
There are those who perpetuate predation because they are afraid of becoming poor; there are those who accept poverty because they are afraid of falling into predation.
Fear rules some, hatred others; all other feeling is gone.
I really dream of such a tree in my garden.
In fact, I dream of such a tree in my garden.
It was better before anything that happened after.
Tom and Mary were sheltered growing up.
Tom Jackson will be the new host of Jeopardy!
The damnation doesn't want to let us!
The curse still haunts us!
The curse still pursues us!
There's a typo on slide 3.
The grass is wet.
How deep is the pool?
Tom and Yanni have never met in person.
Yanni lives across the hall from Tom.
It's taking forever.
Tom is putting chemicals in the water that turn the frogs gay.
The donkey, when struck, was questioned: "What is happening to you?" The unfortunate replied: "There is a party time at my uncles' home!"
I was swimming in an ocean of sweat. I just emerged.
Free Kabylia!
I told you where to go.
Wanna smoke a joint?
It's no longer moving.
I couldn't find where it was.
I live far away from here.
I need to buy something from the store on the way back.
Can you drop me off here?
My feet are warm.
Hand me the scissors.
I'm taking your wallet.
The book is dusty.
Tom has told me everything about you.
So, you and Tom are pretty close friends, huh?
How do you two know Tom?
I used to work with Tom back at my old job.
We weren't very close.
While the ox is sick, they cauterize the donkey.
The earliest barbarian codes already represent to us societies composed of peaceful agricultural communities, not hordes of men at war with each other.
The warrior bands came and went, prosecuting their family feuds; but the great mass continued to till the soil, taking but little notice of their would-be rulers, so long as they did not interfere with the independence of their village communities.
The deeper we penetrate into the history of early institutions, the less we find grounds for the military theory of origin of authority. Even that power which later on became such a source of oppression seems, on the contrary, to have found its origin in the peaceful inclinations of the masses.
With a unanimity which seems almost incomprehensible, and for a long time was not understood by historians, the urban agglomerations, down to the smallest burgs, began to shake off the yoke of their worldly and clerical lords.
The fortified village rose against the lord’s castle, defied it first, attacked it next, and finally destroyed it.
The movement spread from spot to spot, involving every town on the surface of Europe, and in less than a hundred years free cities had been called into existence on the coasts of the Mediterranean, the North Sea, the Baltic, the Atlantic Ocean, down to the fjords of Scandinavia; at the feet of the Apennines, the Alps, the Black Forest, the Grampians, and the Carpathians; in the plains of Russia, Hungary, France and Spain.
Everywhere the same revolt took place, with the same features, passing through the same phases, leading to the same results.
Wherever men had found, or expected to find, some protection behind their town walls, they instituted their "co-jurations," their "fraternities," their "friendships," united in one common idea, and boldly marching towards a new life of mutual support and liberty.
And they succeeded so well that in three or four hundred years they had changed the very face of Europe.
They had covered the country with beautiful sumptuous buildings, expressing the genius of free unions of free men, unrivaled since for their beauty and expressiveness; and they bequeathed to the following generations all the arts, all the industries, of which our present civilization, with all its achievements and promises for the future, is only a further development.
Some people have to stop saying words that add pain, what is called insipid chatter.
Who knows what the end of the day has in store for us?
By tradition, the Kabyle cake was divided into 4 to 8 parts by the grandmother or the hostess. If there is a part left, she brings it to her lips and then reserves it for the current absentee or the deceased, to honor his/her soul.
Someone has to have seen something.
Tom told them everything they wanted to know.
I fell down the conlang rabbit hole after learning Esperanto, moving on to Interlingua, Ido, Toki Pona, and eventually Klingon.
One day when the little robin slept on a vine until dawn, at daybreak, he found himself entangled and strangled by this vine. It then said to it: “You should never trust the verjuice vine, whether it is green or stunted."
Tom has a fungal infection.
Up ahead is the nexus between our two universes.
What's the name of that snake that kills its prey by constricting it?
Tom's diatribe was an artless attempt at persuading the others.
There's a cave on the promontory.
Your artless attempt at a treatise is more like a diatribe.
Immunocompromised patients are at greater risk of a fungal infection.
It bothers me to realize that I am not a thinking machine; I'm a feeling machine with a thinking extension that sometimes works and sometimes doesn't.
I relate to about a third of this.
Homeless people don't usually have can openers.
Ow! My neck!
That's cursed.
That necklace is cursed.
That image is cursed.
This town is cursed.
I'm not sure the last paragraph is necessary.
Try rewriting this in the third person.
Tom doesn't believe in the strength of his political position, so he edits videos to support it.
If you get sidetracked, bring yourself back as soon as you notice it.
Don't judge yourself for getting sidetracked.
I hate bureaucracy.
There are dragons there.
May those who have not forgotten their neighbor find fortune and gain honor, daily health and happiness for their loved ones more than before.
Where are you at?
There's a Thomas Jackson in the novel Agnes Grey by Anne Brontë.
Tom was born on a starship.
You would be drunk on the Internet.
You don't speak French.
You don't speak French, Tom. That's complete nonsense.
Cookie, you wanna go outside?
Is there a way for my program to find out if it's caught in an infinite loop?
Are you telling me the truth about Tom?
We learned about arrays in Comp Sci today.
I eat raw sauerkraut whenever I'm taking antibiotics.
I've always been crazy.
Please, give more water to the fairy Hlima since she really does want to piss on us warmly, once her bladder is full. Hallelujah!
Tom fought in the War On Drugs on the side of drugs.
As long as I have not committed a novel, it is as if I were watering the desert. In fact, I am crippled, especially since they burned our hearts, not to mention that they "roasted our livers". I knew it would come to this, when bad geniuses stirred insane minds.
We have been burnt and tanned and they have added infamy to us.
My first monitor was monochrome.
That sticker is covering the reflector.
Electric motors deliver strong acceleration because they offer more torque than equivalent gasoline engines.
What people call "decolonization" is often anything but.
I don't agree with Ted Kaczynski.
Finnish and Hungarian are related.
I wish I had a tail.
"Meow," said the cat.
"I'm going to Canada, but I'm worried my French isn't good enough." "Where are you going?" "Toronto." "You speak English. You'll be fine."
Someone asked another, "Why are you looking at me?" The other replied: "And you, how did you manage to see me?"
I love cities, but I hate driving in them.
Criticizing Israel isn't always antisemitic, but one need not speculate as to the motives of a thoroughly antisemitic country like Algeria in criticizing Israel.
When principled, denying the right of Israel to exist isn't always antisemitic.
A singular obsession with Israel and Palestine isn't a good sign.
You're my brother, Tom.
Dogs are fun.
I love cuddling.
The French doesn't quite say the same thing as the English.
French is a widely-spoken language.
I can't pronounce French well.
The word "Cajun" comes from "Acadian," one of North America's French-speaking communities.
Take your medication.
It's time to take your medication.
Tom's cats love me.
What's a Furby?
Coca-Cola originally had cocaine in it.
We see that the one who killed him is right-handed.
I fixed it for you.
Your keyboard is filthy.
Tom locked himself out of his car again.
I'm not going to read that.
Tom died mid-selfie.
You're racking your brains for nothing.
We will not be leaving, neither there nor anywhere else.
She's an incredibly vain contestant.
Dancing is all about feeling the rhythm.
R&B stands for "rhythm and blues."
You have no sense of rhythm.
Following the rules was a constraint on my creativity.
These economic constraints are being artificially imposed.
Experts have concluded that the country's power grid is susceptible to a cyber attack.
Utility payments are higher in the winter.
The willow has leaned towards the basin to glean a drop of water but found nothing there.
I was doing horse drugs before it was cool.
I love having a car, but I hate driving.
We're going to get coffee.
Nobody told us what to do.
Tom's phone was turned off all day.
Tom couldn't have gone far.
Tom probably went to his friend's house.
Tom always hangs around there.
"Do you recognize this man?" "No, I don't."
I've never seen him before in my life.
Tom refused to answer the door.
Stay out of the house.
Tom's legs were seriously injured, but he managed to crawl to safety.
I'm thinking of taking some time off.
I'd like to spend some more time with my family.
It's been a while since we went to see your parents.
Why don't we drive up there?
Let's go for a ride around town.
I went for a drive to clear my head.
I've been having a lot of negative thoughts lately.
My buddy's looking for a ride to Boston.
Where did you say you were going?
I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you.
I think the batteries need to be replaced.
Send it back.
There's got to be something incriminating in that apartment. Tear the place apart if you have to.
I really need your help on this one.
I could really use a helping hand.
I built this place from the ground up.
Don't stop now! You're almost at the finish line.
Give me one good reason why I should trust you.
You've got one minute. Impress me.
Tom managed to wow the judges.
I could get you kicked out of here.
I could get you banned.
I hope the rent is reasonable.
I can't afford an expensive apartment.
We can negotiate with the owner.
The cord isn't long enough.
Please enter your password.
Buy me the red one.
It was raining pretty hard.
I noticed something was up.
Tom had to move to a less salubrious neighbourhood.
Place your phone face down on the table.
You've got nowhere to hide.
I can see you hiding behind the curtain.
Tom wanted to show me another one of his magic tricks.
I doubt you'd be able to help.
What skills do you have?
I recognized Tom from the billboard.
Give this to Tom when you see him.
Can you give Tom this letter for me?
Nobody in the office can stand working with Tom.
Tom keeps telling inappropriate jokes.
Out of all the instruments my roommate could decide to start learning, he chose the harmonica.
Tom is not allowed to use the microwave.
Tom considers himself a minimalist.
Tom only wears black T-shirts.
Tom can't take a joke.
You never signed the agreement.
Tom got evicted.
Can you turn on subtitles?
Does this film have French subtitles?
Trans rights are human rights.
A better world is possible.
We're going to need to do board-level repairs.
None of it is true.
I can't believe how much adulting I managed to get done.
Tom told Mary to get in his car.
Have you and Tom known each other long?
I've heard that word before, but I'm not sure what it means.
I was told there would be free food.
I only came for the free food.
Someone's trying to steal your motorcycle.
Tom is a hardcore gamer.
Tom spends an average of 8 hours per day playing video games.
I'm telling you, I saw it with my own two eyes. I wasn't seeing things or hallucinating.
I know what I saw and you can't convince me otherwise.
Do I need some kind of permit?
If you're not here within five minutes, the deal is off.
I can get a better price for it.
I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong.
I want to check the status of my order.
I'm trying to track down my biological father.
Tom has the same last name as me.
We have to send the samples in for testing.
No human being is illegal.
About the dictionary, the beans, the crow and the goat: everyone claims that their beans are the easiest to cook. For some, the crow is a goat, even if he sees it flying away. It's like you say.
Everybody knows what to do on his way.
Everybody knows how to do things on his way.
Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions; fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, healed by the same means, warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer as a Christian is?
My sweet tooth got the better of me.
This refers to circuit boards.
I dislike propaganda.
I don't even like Biden, but I dislike propaganda.
I don't think it's limited to Canadian French.
You'll hear this a lot in Australia as well, though it may be treated as substandard.
Most speakers wouldn't bat an eye at it in colloquial speech.
This refers specifically to the Biblical patriarch, the son of Abraham and father of Jacob.
Malaphor is another word for mixed metaphor.
This is an ancient meme.
You could say both, I think.
Al-Tabari lived in the 9th and 10th centuries.
This is, of course, not even getting into how many Esperanto proverbs are translations of Yiddish ones.
"Thanks for tolerating me." "There's nothing to tolerate; we're better for having you here."
I wonder whether my knowledge is incomplete.
I changed the French sentence; please check the English to see if it still matches.
Congratulations on finding your true self.
"If Tom's an alien, why does he look just like a human?" "Haven't you ever seen any sci-fi shows?"
People like attention.
Five squared is twenty-five.
Eight squared is sixty-four.
The worst-case scenario may not be the most likely, but it can always happen.
Maoism isn't leftism.
To be honest, I'm not thinking very clearly lately.
Stalinism is racism.
Christianity is not the answer.
Christianity is not the answer, and it has even managed to mangle the question.
Christianity answered a question Judaism wasn't asking, and when almost none of the Jews adopted it, the early Christians were forced to spread it to people who didn't know anything about the original text.
Pastafarianism is the only true religion.
Judaism is an endless string of questions.
Difficult questions are better than bad answers.
Isaac, get the golem.
I'm a fairy princess.
I want to contribute to a charitable cause.
All of the money won by our celebrity contestants will go to a charitable cause of their choice.
The good people will pay for the bad.
They never left to be told that they came back.
Ah, how we would have liked our houses to be removable, so that we could take them on our last departure!
Sir, this is an Arby's.
I like how you make me laugh.
Over half of Ashkenazi Jewish DNA is shared with Bronze Age Canaanite remains.
All major Jewish ethnic groups share more than half of their DNA with Bronze Age Canaanite remains.
You're a silly kitty.
Tom and I are cleaning the house today.
Everyone looks for lice in their neighborhood.
Be kind, you asshole!
It's cheaper than smoking.
Distress does not kill, but quietness does not revive either.
It's entirely fine to read Shakespeare, and I wonder how people who see his plays without reading them beforehand understand them.
You who say that you don't know anything, you certainly know many things! It is only those who believe they have reached the Athenians who know nothing!
This is why Lounis Aït-Menguellet sings “You took away misery, it gave birth to twins; you have broken your chains, they have turned to encircle you even more ...” Listen to him.
Most Jews have brown eyes.
That's specious reasoning.
Tom's arguments are entirely specious.
Residents said the bill would open the door to specious accusations against dissidents, religious figures, businessmen and others.
For many hours people staged a sit-in at the airport, the second since Friday, to attract international attention to their cause.
We went to a matinee showing because it was cheaper.
A cat wrote this.
"Freud was completely full of shit." "Oh, you're just saying that because you want to fuck your mom."
"Astrology is bullshit." "Just the sort of thing an Aries would say."
It's better to have the days ahead than behind you.
There are plenty of weirdos.
Worse is better.
When I look back on my life, it's kind of sad.
I think most of what I did felt right to me at the time.
There isn't a shortage of housing; it's just that people can't afford to live in the housing that exists.
How many food groups are there nowadays?
I don't know if there's such a thing as a normal life, but if there is, I certainly haven't had one.
It was a terrible joke.
My humor can be really dry.
I've been going to sleep around midnight lately.
I've seen similar statements.
Tom also said as much.
I would love to hear it.
I remember you talking about her.
I've felt this way a lot.
I want to be outspoken, but I'm not even sure why this bothers me so much or how to put that into words.
I don't hear the phone when I'm asleep.
I'll be up for a little bit.
On the surface, it looks perfect to me.
Would this work in French?
Tom never used to speak with a rasp.
We found it in a nondescript box in the attic.
The phone doesn't usually wake me up.
The two of us are friends.
Do you feel safe?
Will you be safe until the next time I see you?
Most of my dreams are bad.
I told him to stop, but he kept doing it.
He raped me.
I said the safe word, but she didn't stop.
I witnessed a terrible accident when I was 17.
He wouldn't let me sleep unless I got him off.
The cat is watching TV with us.
It's archaic.
That's a very old-fashioned way of saying that.
That's not something people say nowadays.
When the drugs wore off, my problems were still there.
I don't think that's why I do it.
Nine is a young age to start having suicidal thoughts.
I've done the best I could.
My cat loves licking people.
Can you start from the beginning?
You aren't being helpful.
I know that I do not master the writing of Kabyle, but I never hesitate to share my knowledge, even if it is a trifle.
"I think, therefore I am," said René Descartes.
There's a certain British billionaire author who would sue me if I said what I wanted to say about her, and I don't have the money to fight the suit.
Don't talk to cops.
I'm still bisexual.
People lie.
"He said he was going to save the world!" "People lie."
Juhuri is also known as Judeo-Tat.
Judeo-Tat is separate from Judeo-Persian.
There are several living dialects of Judeo-Aramaic.
Languages are dialects and dialects are languages.
Some people suck.
Tom is a member of Soka Gakkai International.
Tom became a Buddhist.
Tom became a Baha'i.
Tom became a Jew.
Tom became a Muslim.
Tom was born again.
"I'm a ger." "What's a ger?" "A convert to Judaism."
Adam is Druze.
I hope your hate eats you slowly from the inside out.
Just keep focusing on your job and working hard.
I'm not actually from Australia.
How do I get to Boston from here?
Socialism means a lot of different things to a lot of different people.
I like that movie where Keanu Reeves says, "Whoa."
Yiddish is full of Hebrew, Aramaic, and Slavic words.
The project is now defunct.
Tom wasn't the same after that.
Tom is drinking himself to death.
Machiavellianism should be avoided at all costs.
The whole thing is about to collapse.
That doesn't look very stable.
That looks really dangerous.
I'm not going over there.
I'm not going in there.
I'll stay here and watch.
You can't make me go in there.
How are you going to get out of there?
What if you fall?
That doesn't look sturdy.
Tom is mad at the world.
Tom is going through a rough divorce.
My calls keep going to voicemail.
Why do people do it?
You're just a cog in the machine.
I used to be fairly social.
Do you stay in touch with Tom?
It's completely compromised.
Tom's getting ready for school.
I refuse to participate.
I refuse to take part.
I'm not a lab rat.
That was smart of you.
I would never have agreed to that.
There's more to Stoicism than Marcus Aurelius and Epictetus.
Do you even believe what you're saying?
I'm just following the argument to its logical conclusion.
Abbas rightly pointed out that if there is no Israeli effort toward a two-state solution, a one-state solution with equal rights for everyone is the only way forward.
Nothing he said was irrational or wrong.
Israel's future existence hinges on its ability to ensure freedom and safety for Palestinians.
It's not more important for Israel to exist than for Palestinians to live freely.
The future is not a given.
What is done today creates the conditions of the future.
Israelis currently live in a delusional world where Palestinians are going to just disappear one day.
This delusion is pervasive.
Israel is currently laying the groundwork of its own abolition by ruling out the two-state solution.
If Israelis have the right to defend themselves, why don't Palestinians?
You've been sleeping for hours and hours.
Do we still have LSD?
My project hopes to empower members of the community to make the changes they want to see.
Unwed couples deserve visitation rights just as much as married ones do.
Swords and clubs are melee weapons.
Sedition laws are usually used to persecute peaceful left-wing activists.
They have no choice but to punt.
I'm forming an exploratory committee to decide whether I should run for president.
John is Tom's sidekick.
That's a pejorative term.
"Goy" is not a pejorative term, but is simply the Hebrew equivalent of "gentile."
Tom says he did it at John's behest.
I love that bloodhound.
His revulsion was obvious.
Not everyone with the virus is symptomatic.
I never knew Tom was such a craven bootlicker.
I'd only like a sliver, please.
I'll take a sliver of the cake.
There's a sliver of hope in this week's news, at least.
He told his men not to raze the city.
The intravenous morphine made the trip to the hospital worth it.
Tom is an intravenous drug user.
Since it's Throwback Thursday, here's a song you might remember from the 90s.
Feel free to take some of my mulch.
This vegetable medley is really good.
One day I, too, would like to be a mean old hag.
A grape went down my windpipe.
We're going to have to do a biopsy on the nodule.
Is this your first foray into magic?
Serif fonts are prettier, but sans-serif fonts are easier to read.
I used a stencil to make this.
It's illegal to aid and abet another person in committing a felony.
I'm sweating quite a bit.
I'm sweating profusely.
You might come out looking like the asshole if you do this.
They're a cult.
We started a community pantry.
I put it here to hide it from the cats.
It's adorable!
I hate debate bros like Tom.
Hitler mostly killed Jews.
Let's get started on our work.
Let's get started on that project.
Misfortune and devastation always go hand in hand.
There's no French equivalent of this word.
The Germans have a word for everything.
Rabbinic Judaism goes back at least to the time of Jonathan Apphus.
Tom changed his name to John.
I'm tired of life.
There's so much left to do in my life.
Me and Tom had sex.
I can confirm some of the rumors about Tom.
Do squirrels eat conkers?
It's a hate group.
"Occident" comes from the Latin verb "occido," meaning "I kill."
Tom has a lot of paramours.
Tom slid down the chute.
You've been found guilty of aiding and abetting the enemy.
Say what you want about Tom. Everyone's doing it.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I've said it before, and I'll say it again.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: I love Boston!
I wasn't born on Earth.
That's wild.
Too bad if you do not exist, nor do you free yourself!
We don't know whether to laugh or cry.
"Who would be born, whom you let live long enough? As soon as one of us emerges from the lot, we condemn him by the imposture", said Lounes Matoub in his song "There are plenty of them who talk about it".
We're all materialists here.
Something about this doesn't add up.
You're not from Earth, are you?
It is difficult to pour out one's heart through writing: it is the prerogative of a few authors. It's not just a question of vocabulary; it is still necessary to weave the words. Me, I have not yet managed to catch a glimpse of their beginning.
Fall is here.
I love the first few days of fall.
I don't know if I can justify it.
Tom stole my shoe.
Tom ate up everything in my refrigerator.
Tom picks his nose.
I think Cookie is allergic to humans.
Tom ghosted me.
The Tuareg languages are a branch of the Berber language family.
We make certain people so great that they look down on us.
Siwi is the easternmost of the Berber languages.
You inspired me.
"I love your outfit!" "You inspired me."
So true.
Superman won every gold medal.
You don't need to be good at something to be paid to do it.
No, the seats weren't leather.
It's time to transition to a gift economy.
Many Americans would rather drink poisoned capitalist water than drink clean capitalist water labeled "socialism."
Suffering doesn't make people better.
They only gave me a spork to eat it with.
"Burzum" means "darkness" in the Black Speech of Mordor.
Don't squish Cookie's beans!
Tom stole the ogre's boots.
Tom is an ogre.
An ogre tried to eat Tom.
I need more sleep.
What's Facebook?
I can't change the decisions I made back then.
I don't constantly regret it anymore.
Australopithecus was an ancestor of humans.
Early hominins populated the Pacific islands long before the first modern humans arrived.
If our hominin ancestors could have written their stories down, history would be much longer than it is.
When did hominins develop language?
Empathizing with yourself is one of the hardest things.
What would you say to someone else in your situation?
Imagine that happened to someone else and they thought it was their fault. What would you say to them?
If you want to die, I guarantee you'll get what you want eventually. But there might be more to life than you understand right now.
Mary is a catgirl.
The cat got mad and hissed at Tom.
In New York State, yellow sac spiders are the only commonly-found spiders that are dangerous to humans.
Black widows and brown recluse spiders occasionally hitch a ride to New York from out of state.
The earth is sick.
I don't think Tom has ever even been to Australia.
Free Britney!
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact wasn't just a non-aggression pact.
Tom killed an ogre.
Take what you need and give what you can.
"Would you like a bagel?" "I'd love a bagel."
Tom's bird learned to turn on his virtual assistant.
The Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron is Judaism's second holiest site.
The Temple Mount in Jerusalem is Judaism's holiest site.
Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem is Judaism's third holiest site.
Tom is a wanted man.
Tom forgot what he was talking about.
The font is too large.
The font is too small.
Can we change the font?
I wrote an essay.
How many paragraphs does the essay need to be?
Does the paper need to be double spaced?
I underlined the most important words.
I underlined all the words I didn't know.
The most important words are in bold.
I'll let you know by this evening at the latest.
Swing by my place on the way back.
I'll just be a second.
How much is all that going to cost?
How much is all this going to cost?
How much will all that cost?
Who's in charge of that?
My phone stopped working.
My phone shut off.
We got a little carried away.
Tom and Mary are both asexual, which makes their relationship easier.
Tom's body lies in the crypt below.
There is no reason to cull pigs right now.
Tom pulled out a vial of LSD.
Add the contents of the vial to 200 milliliters of water.
Look for signs of decomposition.
The whip left welts on my back.
Tom is writing the foreword to my book.
Gay people in Britain used to speak a cant called Polari.
Tom lives down the road from a defunct granary.
That cult makes people believe things that are anathema to them.
Pigs are anathema to Jews and Muslims.
You may need a supplementary dose after six months.
Tentacles are appendages.
Tom has a hard time blocking out extraneous information.
I know nothing about pedagogy.
You're not immune to the virus.
I'm not immune to flattery.
I refuse to believe Tom would do such a thing.
Last I heard, Tom was in Australia.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that around me.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that around Mary.
That's an exaggeration.
That's a tall tale.
Not all Jews speak Hebrew.
Think about how Tom might have felt when you did that.
Let this be a lesson to you.
Hitler was in power for 12 years.
Tom got in a fight with Florida Man.
"Has anyone ever seen Tom and Florida Man in the same place?" "Don't be ridiculous. Tom lives in Boston."
Though this be madness, yet there is method in it.
He thinks he's important.
Have you ever asked yourself why Tom might think such a thing?
Tom's gay, isn't he?
He's very upset at some of the things people have been saying about him.
Though Latin is loosely SOV, it is extremely common to move important words to the beginning and end of a sentence for rhetorical effect.
This doesn't match the French sentence.
No further questions, your Honor.
Say that again!
North Africa's Jewish communities predate Islam.
The dramatic rise in antisemitism this year has caused the number of Jews making aliyah to increase by 31%.
The Inquisition involved physical torture, murders, and expulsions.
Even the worst examples of "cancel culture" don't come close to a fraction of the evils of the Inquisition.
I kept saying, "I don't want to die."
I dreamt about drugs last night.
It feels like my hand is being split in half.
The cat has many complaints.
I sold Tom two hits of acid.
Tom's actions might seem bizarre, but he's actually playing five-dimensional chess.
It's a snake.
If I meant that, I would've said it.
Things that seem impossible can be overcome with persistence.
Can you pick me up at 3?
This work is licensed under a CC BY 4.0 license.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license.
Everything out of Tom's mouth is right-wing mumbo jumbo.
I don't want to hear any more of that mumbo jumbo.
Biblical Hebrew had no word for "cat."
My muscles ache.
Tom's got connections.
Remind Tom to call his cardiologist.
Could you remind Tom to call his cardiologist?
I'm very embarrassed over it all.
I've been making great progress in not looking at myself that way.
Let me know which of these you want.
Remember to correct the typo in the French version.
The left is abandoning issues like this entirely out of timidity, avoidance of impurity, or some other reason.
I need to remind Tom to get a second opinion.
I can learn this job.
I don't need to be perfect the moment I start the job.
You were a great therapist.
It's rare for me to connect so well with a therapist.
I'm part of one of two groups that have called ourselves Hebrews since the beginning of recorded history.
I hope you find peace.
We helped people.
We did good things for others and for ourselves.
She had many of the same problems I do.
I was wondering if this was grammatically correct.
Head north on Park Street.
Turn left onto Park Street.
You might like this one.
Someone asked me for French help.
Sometimes literal translations are perfectly apt.
You're a native speaker, so your opinion is very important.
He's spoken a bit of French to me.
I didn't know his name, just his Twitter handle.
I'm exhausted from today.
I know someone looking for a French teacher.
Let me know if you sign up at any point.
Some of the exchanges I've found myself in have been bad for my mental health.
I'd bring my own food if I were you.
I've been in therapy for as long as I had been alive when I started therapy.
It's a database of voices that gets used for speech recognition.
Common Voice is also the main source of Mozilla's virtual assistant that they're working on.
I've done some translations for Firefox.
They still do it, don't they?
A lot of companies will do that nowadays.
Oh, awesome.
"If time travel is possible, why aren't we being visited by travelers from the future?" "Because humanity never develops time travel technology."
The puns were so great.
There's something about fall that I love, or maybe it's the fact that my venlafaxine got upped.
I'll try to pay more attention.
White South Africans weren't a persecuted minority where they came from.
Multiple civilizations weren't built on appropriating the culture of white South Africans and persecuting and hounding them for continuing to exist.
How's your husband liking Boston?
How's Tom liking Boston?
Sand cats are adorable.
Tom didn't even acknowledge me.
Tom's death really hit John hard.
Tom and John were close.
Tom offered me a line of coke.
Tom was drunk again.
Tom always asks me inappropriate questions when he's drunk.
I don't like quality.
Tom gave it to John.
Keep in mind that I am not a linguist.
Thank you for your work, by the way.
This was going to be a text, but it ended up being so long that I decided to send it as an email.
I've only been able to view three pages of this, but it still paints a very interesting picture.
It says something similar to what I was saying, except it goes further.
I might make more of an effort to learn it.
I'm a bit discouraged by the lack of results for this on Google.
My ex-metamour was watching that yesterday.
Do you want to call me or should I call you?
My Esperanto is considerably better than my Hebrew.
My French is considerably better than my English.
Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help.
I have a lot of free time to use this site.
Additionally, if there is anything else I can do, I am more than happy to.
I really appreciate you translating my sentences to French.
These seem to cross the line to me.
I'd like to translate your article into French.
Could I translate your article into French?
Does your book have a French translator?
Unfortunately, Tom came back as a zombie.
My car got broken into.
My house got broken into.
The money was stolen.
The property was stolen.
The vehicle was stolen.
The vehicle is stolen.
Tom's watch was stolen.
Tom was driving a stolen car.
Tom was caught with stolen property in his possession.
Tom's room was unlocked.
The gate was unlocked.
The car was unlocked.
The house was unlocked.
The gate was locked.
Tom opened the letter.
Everyone but Tom was invited.
Tom was the only one who wasn't invited.
Nobody invited Tom.
Tom didn't receive the invitation.
Nobody was in the car.
Is the car ready?
It doesn't look expensive.
There's nothing in my wallet.
There isn't any money in my wallet.
I'm Tom. This is Mary. And that big floof over there is Cookie.
Purism is pretentious.
Cats are hilariously rude.
I've struggled a lot with mental illness.
I live in Boston with a partner and three cats.
I live a fairly quiet life.
I'm trying to do more.
I learned French.
I do graphic design for some T-shirt sites.
That's the gist of it, I think.
Sloppy joes were a great idea.
If I ever see that Tom Jackson again, I'll slap him in the face.
What's the difference between fission and fusion?
Most of us have a hard time grasping how far away the moon is.
Armadillos are related to anteaters and sloths.
I can't believe armadillos exist.
Bacteria reproduce by fission.
You have a right to speak up about mistreatment without fear of reprisal.
Space begins 100 kilometers above sea level, whereas the moon is 400,000 kilometers from Earth.
Earth has a diameter of 12,742 kilometers.
Bezalel Smotrich is a fascist Member of Knesset.
If Bezalel Smotrich were Arab and talking about Jews, he would be charged with incitement.
I was studying French at the time.
I was learning French at the time.
I met Tom in French class at Harvard.
If it weren't for my dog Cookie, I never would've met Tom.
I'm an anarchist.
Tom Jackson killed my brother John.
Ashkenazim wore the traditional sudra headdress until the 16th century.
Tom thinks leather trousers are naff.
Justice is an illusion.
Justice is a scam by Big Government to sell more government.
That's what Tom says, anyway.
Tom needs to stop watching YouTube so much.
Like and subscribe.
Don't forget to like and subscribe.
Did you know Tom was Internet famous?
There's a website where people stalk Tom obsessively.
Tom is always trying to throw his stalkers off his track by changing professions, hobbies, and even faking his death at times.
I'm a person of little means.
Tom painted a mural.
Space is scary.
Who told you to tell Tom?
You can't say that to Tom!
Tom wouldn't say that unless he meant it.
Are cats capable of magic?
Space is big.
Space is cold.
"What's this scar from?" "I don't want to talk about it."
Tom wants to have his cake and eat it too.
I have a hard time sympathizing with Tom.
It's entirely performative, if you ask me.
Humans are weird monkeys.
Why do antisemites always pretend they've read the Talmud?
Everyone helped each other out.
I don't like to draw attention to myself.
Tom is very fake.
I think I'm on the ace spectrum.
You were right about that, Tom.
You were right about that.
We're on a collision course with Venus.
We're headed for Proxima Centauri.
Throw our prisoner out the airlock.
"Tom called me a communist." "So what? You are one." "Yeah but I'm mad that he used it as an insult."
Don't let Tom get behind the wheel.
You're drunk. Give me your keys.
Give me your keys. You're staying over.
Tom, why are you wearing a sombrero?
Turn your brain back on.
Take it for what it's worth.
I don't believe in the supernatural anymore.
We need bird food.
Our robot is becoming self-aware.
We don't want a war.
Do you sing to your cat?
One day Tom will be a real boy.
Wrap the gauze around the dressing.
Boston is in the Neponset River watershed.
That's not a common collocation in French.
I can't afford a tombstone.
There's nothing in there but putrid meat.
Tom uttered a Latin incantation and was suddenly in Boston.
You forgot the closing parenthesis.
I wasn't questioning your virility.
That was a funny quip.
Lethargy is a common symptom of that disease.
Remember to throw your clothes down the clothes chute.
Every seven years we let the land lie fallow.
I'm tired of being angry.
I'm not angry like I was back then.
I've got some sort of nasty bug.
I've got the flu.
I think I have the plague.
The wealthy have no heart; the good have no fortune.
Unfortunately, we're unable to accommodate your request.
The expiry date is printed under the bottle cap.
A new spool of filament has been delivered.
Her flippant attitude won't get her hired.
I thought Tom Jackson was just a myth.
She filled the jug with orange juice.
I'm beginning to forget my own mother tongue.
The choice between a human being's right to live freely and a state's right to exist shouldn't be difficult.
I'm sweating like a pig.
Kahane wasn't right.
Kahane was wrong.
This looks like Tom's handiwork.
This looks like Tom's handwriting.
A sofer is a traditional Jewish scribe.
Destroy the bourgeoisie!
Tom's family is part of the Boston bourgeoisie.
President Jackson's actions have kneecapped our readiness for a future crisis.
Potatoes are tubers.
Ganovim-loshn was a Yiddish thieves' cant.
We ran into a black adder in England.
You have an abscess.
"Hallo," said the German.
What's the difference between milk and buttermilk?
How would you apportion the funds?
An emissary from a distant solar system has contacted us.
I made a stencil so it would be easier to draw.
Where did these welts come from?
It's not the initial cost that worries me. It's the upkeep.
Teaching everything at once is bad pedagogy.
Tom is hypomanic.
I gave Tom five out of five stars.
The Hebrew letter tsadi probably didn't originally have an affricate pronunciation.
Implosive consonants are common in Sub-Saharan Africa.
That dog looks like a cloud I saw once.
Clearly you don't own an air fryer.
You call this art? It's just a splotch of paint on a canvas!
Some things should be simplified; others need more nuance.
My great-grandfather was from Galicia in Eastern Europe.
Free Hawaii!
You can say anything on the Internet.
I get the sense that Tom feels humiliated having to ask for help.
I get the sense that Tom is ashamed of having to ask for help.
Tom packed my bags last night.
Tom's high as a kite.
Tom isn't used to having to ask for people's help.
There's no fact checking on social media.
This website is free.
I didn't think Tom had it in him.
She sinks her teeth into a juicy red apple.
If anyone can help you with that, it's Tom.
No one has ever lied on the Internet.
I can't get it to work.
It's not your fault you have PTSD.
The word "infidel" comes from Latin.
You can recover.
Recovery is possible.
No one lies on the Internet. Trust me; I'm a professional lie detector.
Tom was boring me to death.
Sometimes it's better to leave business unfinished.
Good people and bad people come from all religious backgrounds.
Who's a little cutie pie?
I am unable to answer this question for legal reasons.
Please tell me how you managed to do this.
Tom is the prettiest unicorn, isn't he?
I am disgusted by this meat body that I'm forced to inhabit.
Me and Tom followed John and Mary's band around in a van.
She's your mom, isn't she?
"Tom? I thought you were dead." "I am."
Actually, Frankenstein is the name of the doctor. The monster's name is Tom.
Tom's ghost still haunts the streets of Boston.
The killer's name is Tom Jackson.
It's quite surprising just how many dishes one can make out of potatoes.
Cats aren't as quick to trust as dogs are.
Hallucinogen use can trigger certain psychiatric conditions in people with a predisposition to them.
Tom's long message was truncated by the software.
I'm going to have to reserve judgment on account of the paucity of information related to the subject.
Eliminate extraneous punctuation.
Don't be fatuous, Tom.
Hallo!
Taxonomy is always changing.
Rather than swearing off carnal pleasures, you may find it better to develop a healthy relationship with them.
She's happy being a bi woman.
How many holes are there in a straw?
Tom's lying. I can tell.
I can't even begin to imagine what she would've done, had you not stepped in.
Do you know what they plan to do if they win?
Don't cooperate with the police.
My views on the matter have changed.
I'm tired of being lied to.
The headline is completely dishonest.
It's a made-up controversy.
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you, but Tom passed away last year.
You wouldn't say that if Tom was here.
Furthermore, I believe that the filibuster must be destroyed.
That's disputed.
That's being disputed.
That's being contested.
His mother, a tall, pale, taciturn woman, died of anaemia, and his father of some uncertain malady.
When we speak of poetry, we do not fear to commend this species of composition, regardless of the miserable trash that from month to month finds its way from the press under the appellation of poetry.
What's the difference between taxonomy and ontology?
I noticed Tom was speaking with a rasp all of a sudden.
I don't owe you my undying loyalty.
You can toggle on the dark theme in the hamburger menu.
What's the difference between a cloister and a church?
Something sinister is going on.
There's something sinister going on.
I don't think he does it on purpose.
I wouldn't take it personally.
I'll have a talk with Tom and ask him not to do that anymore.
I think Tom has a problem.
Tom didn't know where he was at the time.
The lights are on, but no one's home.
Do you have some time to talk about our lord and savior, Tom Jackson?
Lojban is cute.
I fell over a ledge of rock into a gully below.
Wonder why he was struck off the rolls. Had his office in Hume street. Same house as Molly’s namesake, Tweedy, crown solicitor for Waterford.
I casually learned that my namesake was born on the nineteenth of January, 1813.
Cookie, get away from your sister! You know what "hiss" means. You're a native speaker.
Israel's namesake was born Jacob.
My namesake was the wife of Isaac and mother of Jacob and Esau.
The Levites' namesake was one of the sons of Jacob and Leah.
My older brother's namesake was our grandfather, who died before he was born.
After a harrowing interlude in Djibouti, where she says Oromo asylum-seekers were being rounded up and deported because of an agreement with the Ethiopian government, Ranna's smuggler booked her, her mother and her brother on a flight to Indonesia.
And then we'll hear a Story Interlude about Mark Twain, a famous American writer, and his popular novel, Tom Sawyer.
Cats are persistent.
Tom lit the flag on fire and shouted, "Death to America!"
Algeria blames Israel for deadly forest fires in Kabylia it says were started by terrorists.
Morocco's Permanent Representative to the UN, Excellency Mr Omar Hilale, said the Kabyle people have the right to self-determination, describing them as "one of the oldest peoples in Africa, who are under the longest foreign occupation." The ambassador added that "the Kabyle people deserve to enjoy their right to self-determination fully."
I could eat a horse, and that's not hyperbole.
"Hyperbole" is a fancy way of saying "exaggeration."
Tom Jackson makes frequent use of hyperbole in his writing.
Judaism and Samaritanism are ethnoreligions.
I'll take a gram of White Widow.
People have weird ideas.
Are you Romanian?
Are you guys Romanian?
Are Romanians Romans?
We had to put Cookie to sleep.
Anger is poisonous.
Anger is there for a reason, but being angry all the time isn't healthy.
President Jackson ably dodged the reporters' questions.
Where did you put the sweeper?
Tatoeba is one of my favorite things.
The side of my tongue hurts.
Tom has hyperthyroidism.
Mary has hyperthyroidism.
They found a nodule on Mary's thyroid.
They had to put Cookie to sleep.
We can't find Cookie.
Tom is getting confused in his old age.
Cookie was the best dog in the world.
Tom's girlfriend Mary has hyperthyroidism.
When did you stop giving a fuck?
You wouldn't say that if you knew what Tom had been through.
I feel wrong talking about Tom like this when he's not here to defend himself.
The coffee isn't helping.
Fullmetal Alchemist is Tom's favorite anime.
You've grown a lot as a person.
"It's free." "Libre or gratis?"
We owe most of our knowledge of the past to the work of scribes.
Cookie's litter box needs to be changed out.
Can you help me change out the litter?
Let me sing you the song of my people.
I used to be a nihilist.
When Tom saw Mary, his imagination ran riot.
The dinosaur was going round running riot.
I don't want to let go of my anger.
Hey, I am not a social justice warrior! I'm a social justice mage!
I think my phone is being tapped.
It's unfortunate that dogs and cats don't live as long as humans.
I tend to just block people like that.
There's no point in arguing with someone like that.
Queen Mary has been appointed regent until King Tom becomes old enough to assume the throne.
Hereditary Prince Alois is the regent of Liechtenstein.
Tom's a bit slow on the uptake.
Tor is an example of an overlay network.
Buttermilk is no longer popular in the United States.
A little more than 40 hours after leaving Moscow's Yaroslavsky station, the Vorkuta Express pulled into its terminus after a 2,000-kilometer journey through the taiga forests and tundra of Russia's far north.
I don't know much German beyond "hallo."
Is buttermilk popular in Australia?
Where can I buy buttermilk in Boston?
Titan may have ammonia volcanoes.
I used to do drugs.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about Boston.
Rest a few days, then you will come back.
Who knew my 30s would be like this?
"French has a certain, I don't know what it is..." "Je ne sais quoi?" "What?"
Italian had a significant influence on Ladino.
I love birds.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we.
I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully.
One of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the War on Terror.
You've never even been to Boston.
It's not against the rules.
Thanks for the link you sent me.
Grab a cart.
Why don't you like fishing?
I'm usually busy around this time.
Today's been a pretty busy day.
"Why do you think things have to be this way?" "It's just human nature." "Citation needed."
No one cares, Tom.
Death is inevitable and irreversible.
It doesn't have to be genocide to be bad.
There's a lot to love about every religion.
Tell Tom to tell Mary that John said it was OK to tell Alice.
I think skunks are actually really cute.
Cookie likes to touch noses with me.
Has Cookie gone out?
If you're going to the park, take Cookie with you.
Cookie never uses the exercise wheel.
"Is Cookie a dog or a cat?" "She's a skunk."
I smoke pot every once in a while.
Tom has an irrational hatred of the French language.
I told you, but you wouldn't listen.
A skunk ate the food we left out for the stray cats.
Squirrels keep eating from our bird feeders.
Squirrels love birdseed.
Skunks are closely related to stink badgers.
Don't let Tom know that you know.
Tom's throwing you a surprise party.
There's no way Tom would say something like that.
How was I supposed to help Tom?
Tom's car was never found.
Don't let on that you know.
My hands are freezing.
Want a sip?
Need a hand?
Got a light?
That's what they say.
I don't need to see any more.
If you see a skunk, don't try to scare it away.
I've managed to get some peace of mind.
Owls can prey on skunks because they have no sense of smell.
Please pay attention to me.
"Am I the only one who drinks black coffee?" "Yes, you're the only person who does that."
I'm not going to Boston anymore.
I'm not going to Boston this weekend.
The Land of Israel is important to most Jews.
Did you wake 'n bake?
If nothing else, we can get something else.
When do you want to hit up the dispensary?
Do you mind if I smoke a cigarette?
The antisemitism experienced by Karl Marx can only be explained as racial in nature, because he was raised Christian and later became an atheist.
Tom grinds his teeth at night.
Tameddit, in Kabyle, is the afternoon. It is also said of those on whom we can count because they always go to the end of things.
Tom went to put John to bed.
I can take care of myself, Tom.
The pirates lost their patience with Tom and made him walk the plank.
It's wilful ignorance, if you ask me.
She was in a buoyant mood.
She ably handled the situation.
We were there under the aegis of Mr. Jackson.
I'm worried your carelessness will kneecap our chances of success.
That was the nadir of the worst years of my life.
We were only given infinitesimal doses.
She shoved the knife in to the hilt.
DNA is known for its double helix shape.
The abusive priest was moved to a different diocese.
In the Late Roman Empire, a new grouping of provinces called a diocese was introduced.
We were worried about her ashen appearance.
Libre and gratis are two different things.
Love is what matters; everything else is extraneous.
Everything beyond food, water, and shelter is extraneous.
The Hindi word for god is cognate to the Persian word for demon.
The Arabic word for meat is cognate to the Hebrew word for bread.
She asked if the two words were cognates.
Is the Greek word κᾰκός a cognate of the Latin word cacō?
There's a skunk on the porch.
I reckon he's in Boston by now.
Don't forget to let Cookie out.
Cookie, sit! Paw! Down! Roll over! Good girl!
I just rolled my eyes so hard, I fell out of my chair.
The nice thing about buses is you don't have to drive.
I don't like Thursdays.
"Good morning." "Morning." "How'd you sleep?" "Coffee."
May God make the earth light to them, all as they are.
May God make the earth light to him.
May God make the earth light to her.
You may bring down your mountain; I will hold it back.
Never play chess with a pigeon.
Tom is terrible at small talk.
Happy Friday!
I'm being creaking like a bad door.
His eyes are like those of the chameleon: one sees forward, the other backwards.
You are the one I warmed to, the day the frost froze me.
As soon as he hit him, he fell on the spot.
"Is this green?" "It's more of a teal."
If you think you are at the mercy of forces beyond your control, you have an external locus of control.
If you think you have control over your own life, you have an internal locus of control.
New York City is a microcosm of the world.
We're making a montage of Tom's college years.
The problem is tractable.
John is of tertiary importance.
Tom is a minnow in the Boston academic community.
Idolatry is a sin in Abrahamic religions.
The curvature of the Earth was first photographed in 1931.
Most Buddhist monks are celibate.
Two geometric figures are congruent if they have the same shape and size.
Their statements were not congruent.
Are these triangles congruent?
Abrahamic religions differ in terms of what they consider idolatry.
The ancient Jews' hatred of idolatry did not endear them to the surrounding pagan empires.
"Stroganoff" has a hilarious near-homophone in the English language.
There are a lot of languages like that.
Ailurolatry is the worship of cats.
I have endured so many misfortunes.
Tell me how you are dressed, I'll tell you what you ate.
When the hive is full, it empties.
A nerd who has sex is called a kinkster.
Jews are a people whose ethnic religion is Judaism.
We have both pink and regular lemonade.
It doesn't make any fucking sense.
Jews have the right to pray on the Temple Mount.
Jews have the right to pray at the Western Wall.
The Western Wall is one of the few remnants of the Temple in Jerusalem.
Politics is the abuse of the masses.
The entire Jewish population of Hebron was ethnically cleansed in 1929.
You've changed, Tom.
None of the pieces fit together.
Why did you say you were from Australia if you're from Boston?
Good luck and good day!
You have the kind of mind for that.
Sex is empirically non-binary.
There is no way of reconciling binary sex with biology.
To claim sex is binary requires ignoring intersex people, which is unscientific and purely ideological.
If Christianity cured hatred, there wouldn't be so much of it in the world.
The entire history of Christianity suggests that it does not cure hatred or lead to peace.
Many aspects of Christianity are designed to incite hatred and violence, such as the claim that Jews cried out in unison, "His blood be on us and our children!"
After destroying the Temple in Jerusalem, the Roman Empire built a temple to Jupiter in its place on the Temple Mount.
Al-Tabari's early history of the Muslim conquests explicitly identifies the location of the Dome of the Rock as the former location of the Jewish Temple.
Kaʽb al-Aḥbār suggested the Temple Mount to the caliph Umar as a place to build a mosque, not because of Mohammed, but because it was sacred to him as a Jewish convert.
The caliph Umar initially suggested that Kaʽb al-Aḥbār was imitating his former religion of Judaism by suggesting that a mosque be built over the Foundation Stone on the Temple Mount.
The Temple Mount has been Judaism's holiest site for thousands of years.
The Temple Mount was Judaism's holiest site for thousands of years before Islam came into existence.
The Temple Mount was Judaism's holiest site for thousands of years before Christianity came into existence.
I did not escape any calamity. Mash potatoes!
I have not escaped any calamity. Mash potatoes!
Judaism doesn't believe in perfect people.
Every single person in the Torah is flawed.
The Tanach is full of flawed people repeatedly falling short.
Everyone is imperfect, and that's OK.
Every religion, like every person, has brought good and bad things into the world.
You're such a victim.
People are allowed to judge you.
Everything about that sentence is wrong.
That sentence is fractally wrong.
I wish you would identify as an original joke.
Jimmy Fallon has never been funny.
Tom and Mary are in an open relationship.
Tom is dating both Mary and John.
How many candles are we lighting tonight?
Skunks are hungry critters.
This isn't my first rodeo.
Skunks only spray as a last resort.
XYZ.
This room is really snug.
There was a provocation on the border.
I have no time for that.
He has no time for that.
She has no time for that.
They have no time for that.
Yep, that's right.
Yep, they did it.
Her emotions were in turmoil.
His emotions were in turmoil.
He made a tweet.
She made a tweet.
He was staying on the podium.
An African proverb says to Europeans: "You, you have the watch and us, we have the time!" Well done, Africa!
I want to remove from my mind everything that idealizes civilization.
I'm just glad my body is now the way my brain is wired to believe it should be.
There's an incredible peace in seeking and receiving treatment for gender dysphoria, a peace that too many people want to deny to people who never chose to be trans.
This usage isn't a sign of being uneducated but rather a remnant of an older form of the language.
Good point; thanks.
In Yiddish "khoshev," from Hebrew, is used for "an important person," while "vikhtik" is used for "an important thing."
Was this something recent?
Maybe it's an American thing.
They mean the same thing.
The creator of Shrek, which was originally a children's book, was the son of Polish Jewish immigrants.
"Shrek" means "fear" in Yiddish.
Tom just made a Tatoeba account, and he's very upset at some of the things people have been saying about him.
You deserve happiness.
He gave his all.
He got rowdy.
He really broke down.
Life has gone on its way, as usual.
Life went on its way, as usual. Life went on its way, unperturbed.
Are there crocodiles in Austria?
I filled the tank up.
Tom drives a hybrid.
I don't really know anything about cars.
I need a spare tire.
I got this used for surprisingly cheap.
Tom's car is covered with bumper stickers.
He's driving a black... I don't know what it is. A black car.
Your lights are on.
Look at that sunset!
Do you need anything from the dollar store?
Do you need anything from the grocery store?
Tom's car is green.
I need to get back to studying French.
I'll set it up when I'm back in Boston.
This is a reprinting of an article by Albert Memmi, a great Tunisian Jewish decolonial writer.
There's a lot I would do if I had the money.
We want to start a housing co-op.
They might not even be from Australia.
Switzerland has four co-official languages.
Tom had already watched the whole thing with Mary, but I hadn't seen it before.
That reminds me of an ad that was common in Australia.
She was having trouble booting from the USB.
I'll be sleeping soon.
She's going to try rolling back an update.
Neolog Judaism is closer to Orthodox than Conservative is, but still not Orthodox.
It's a cliché to say the left is dogmatic, but the left works very hard for that reputation every day.
Does my revision help?
That part of it isn't important.
I don't mean to swamp you.
It's not a particularly brilliant revelation of mine.
The nice thing about Hungarian is there's no gender.
I'll try looking for it.
That's apparently what people say in French, too.
A few people made that joke.
Maybe it can be read other ways as well.
That's the kind of joke you'd make.
That's the kind of joke Tom would make.
I've already seen people do that quite a few times before.
It's even funnier that they aren't joking.
It doesn't have to be this way; I do believe that.
I don't understand how people can deny these things.
I'm working on a translation of the whole song.
Getting back on Twitter was a mistake.
Do you know anything about the history or origin of this flag?
I'm not sure how familiar you are with the original.
I need to stop and get gas.
Do you think you could drive? I'm feeling tired.
Can we stop at the next rest stop?
I'm going to stop at the next rest stop.
Grab the wheel.
Hey, grab the wheel.
These are word games.
Pierre Rabehi, may he rest in peace: his original homeland has completely ignored him. What a pity!
May the earth be light to our friend Rabah Pierre Rabhi. Especially since he loved the land, again and for ever, since his early childhood in the Kenadza desert.
A chouya for the brain, a little for the stomach.
Go touch grass.
Possible solutions to global warming range from the simple to the complex—from changing a light bulb to engineering giant reflectors in space.
The liver is in the upper right quadrant of the abdomen.
Tom's knowledge of decomposition ecology is peerless.
For years the people of Somalia have suffered from a seemingly unending cycle of war and famine.
A bank in the tiny European state of Andorra has become the focus of investigations by the United States, Venezuela, and others as a locus of corruption activity.
Hey, can you grab the wheel?
He was from the Eastern European Galicia, not the Spanish one.
Slow down. Cops like to nab people up there.
Much like the airplane, everyone thought the Internet was going to solve the world's problems.
I dreamt I was doing blow.
Tom is like a big teddy bear.
Tom is a jolly old man.
"Trans people need to seek mental health treatment." "I did. They referred me to a doctor who gave me a prescription for HRT."
When Western European monarchies became liberal republics held together by a shared national identity, some Western European Jews felt the need to claim that Judaism was just a religion and not a nation.
The idea that Judaism was just a religion, not a nation, was born of a need to be accepted by European nation-states that viewed Jews as outsiders.
Ever since the Book of Revelation was first written, scholars have pondered and debated the question, "What was this guy on?"
Tom can seem intimidating if you don't know him, but he's really just a big teddy bear.
I used to like to go to the lake.
Tom is a jolly old soul.
I love monkeys.
A monkey ran out in front of our bus.
There were monkeys at the temple.
A pet monkey would be a lot of work.
I love to swim in Lake Erie.
My aunt and uncle have a boat on Lake Erie.
Aww! The kitty sneezed!
Of course you are right. You are the Russian speaker. As for me, this Russian, these are the remains that I kept from my stay in Moscow and Novomoskosk, in 1977. And that I learned in the street, after all.
I just told them about it here, hey!
When we are well protected, we can only love the sound of the rain, whether heavy or light.
I heard shrill cries.
It is an essential principle of justice that a court should not adjudicate upon any question without giving the parties to be affected or bound by the adjudication the opportunity of being heard and of bringing their witnesses before the court.
They are all the same!
The left is useless!
I just saw it go through the loom; it passed in the blink of an eye. What is it ? It's the light.
He parades with his tail.
He brags with his tail.
We are all the same!
You are all the same!
If you want to fix the street, start by tidying up your room.
People laughed at me a lot when I stuck my horns in front of the blackboard, where I wrote.
I make graphics, but I wouldn't call myself an artist.
I just sort of fell into this gig.
The Spanish Christians expelled the Jews and Muslims the same year that Columbus left to colonize the Americas.
Every high school student should be required to take an introductory logic course.
Logic isn't a list of fallacies.
Gosh ! I just saw that "Love lasts three years" on ARTE, according to Gaspard Proust, Louise Bourgoin and Director Frédéric Beigbeder. Well then, say it ! Three years is a lot! Psssttt! Below this screen, everything will be censored in a few hours. If you don't like the black screen, read on anyway. Otherwise, skip! GM. Let us reassure our friends: With us, it lasts infinitely longer, even when it is fast! It's called, the "thalasso-t'es-rapid"! Neither seen nor known ! We're not going to hold back, go!
Algeria offered more than 80 million dollars to Tunisia and more than 100 million dollars to Palestine, but started criminal forest fires in Kabylia causing more than 500 dead and burned alive.
Standing on a rod, he has a cap on his head. He is found in winter, but he disappears in summer. What's this? It's an acorn.
Is there anyone who wants sparrow milk?
Is there anyone who wants sparrow milk? It's good for tinkering!
A red fig and a black one, add prickly pears!
Why is Tom like this?
The catgirl coughed up a hairball.
Citizenship in this country does not require the renunciation of other citizenships.
A fountain of alabaster stands in the alabaster-paved inner court.
Her alabaster brow was furrowed by temporary wrinkles while she thought over plans.
We are breaking our heads, and you take advantage of it; as much for you. You even deserve better!
The same finger you lick to clean your plate can also be used for the cooking pots.
"Tom's a strange guy, isn't he?" "Well, it takes all kinds."
"I never thought I'd see you wearing one of those." "Well, when in Rome."
I laughed really hard at this one.
It's anyone's guess what happened to Tom.
You're only saying that because Tom isn't here.
Tom only said that because Mary was there.
Comparing "cancel culture" to the Inquisition is trivializing the Inquisition.
There was a nice day moon today.
I can't wait to try this new vegan ice cream.
Tom threw me a going-away party.
Time will tell whether Tom is right.
It's a dangerous game you're playing.
You're high.
It is physically impossible to be born a man or a woman. You can only be born a boy or a girl.
I dreamt I was driving drunk.
What's bad for Tom isn't necessarily good for John.
Well, what did Tom say?
Remind me to make a dentist's appointment.
Take the cushions off the couch.
The snow cushioned my fall.
There are some crazy people out there.
Can you get me across the border?
I need to get out of this town.
In just a few weeks, Tom will be a free man.
You haven't forgot about the debt you owe me, have you?
Lending Tom money was a huge mistake.
You're not worried, are you?
I know the money's hidden around here somewhere.
I'm going to get to the bottom of this.
Don't try to cover for Tom.
Tom's not cut out for this kind of work.
Delete all the messages I sent you.
Make sure the hard drives have been wiped clean.
That's an assumption.
Why don't you tell us what you really think?
That can't be proven.
There's no getting through to you.
If you're not willing to help, get out of my way.
I've been taking the pills, Doc, but the pain hasn't been getting any better.
Did you say your prayers?
You're not in trouble. We just want to talk to you.
Back away from the window.
The two buildings were pretty close together.
If it gets too intense, just let us know and we'll stop the experiment.
I get that, but you can't park here.
If you don't move your car, it's going to get towed.
I love you, my darling!
I do not know who he is.
Let famine spread!
May those who are hungry never get their fill!
This sentence should be in a good place, if I added it as is in Tatoeba. With your permission ! Since it contains the state of annexation, so "disabling", which has become problematic for writing.
One is crappy, the other worse!
As long as we have strong legs. Where would you like us to go, friend?
Never make a decision when you feel like taking a pee.
We can not say it better!
That is well said!
When there's two religions on the same pillow, the devil sleeps between them.
“I have a tremendous chance, what happiness; and my head upside down, and I'm dying”, sings the beautiful Lycia Nabeth.
The voices are talking to me again.
The voices are back.
Black cats have always been good luck for me.
I don't like the proposed Earth anthem because it insists that we call Earth "the most beautiful planet in the universe," which is arrogant and chauvinistic.
I like it. I think Tom does, too.
We're going to have to wait.
It wouldn't take a U.S. billing address.
We're going to have to wait until after the pandemic.
Maybe we could go up there.
Cookie has decided it's snuggle time.
The date isn't particularly important; it could be whenever.
I woke up to Cookie knocking my mouse onto me and meowing.
I'm in love with that teal gemstone.
Tom Jackson took six wickets in the second inning.
It was bedlam at the airport.
Your admittedly impressive knowledge of helix geometry is of tertiary importance to our present goals.
How did all these goblins get here?
Tom never thought he'd die fighting side-by-side with John.
Why are tardigrades so cute?
Tom is an old grump.
Me and Tom used to go to that bar.
There used to be a bar there.
That place used to be a gay bar.
Me, Tom, and Mary used to be in a band.
Tom checked himself into the psych ward.
Mary and Alice's band played there once.
May deep sleep engulf you, so that you rest from insomnia!
We have lent our shoulder to the bites so much that we no longer feel the chapped skin.
The greatest thief of all time isn't just time, it's sleep. Don't we say in Kabyle and other idioms: "I was surprised in my sleep", "Sleep caught me off guard"? Ah, as for me, ... I forgot it; since sleep, it is I who steals it, ... who catches it, ... for a long time, ... for years ...
We're both nuts.
Time is a thief.
Cookie had four kittens, and Mittens is the one we kept.
You can put vinegar on your fries. I love doing so.
In the Netherlands they often put peanut sauce on their fries.
That place has good vegan poutine.
Tom puts ketchup on everything.
I guess malt vinegar is more common than white vinegar on fries.
You put ketchup on your eggs?
We split a plate of vegan chili cheese fries.
Western New York isn't much different from the rest of the Rust Belt.
Cookie got excited when he heard the word "treat."
Happy New Year 2022/2972!
I was pregnant with Tom at the time.
Do they sell champagne here?
Who told you not to tell Tom?
"Until you make the subconscious conscious, it will rule your life and you will call it fate," said Carl Gustave Jung.
Our world must be a satire of some other world.
I try not to drink too much caffeine.
I've got too much blood in my alcohol system.
The pop froze a little, so now it's like drinking a slushie.
Don't grow up. It's a trap.
Here is Edward Bear, coming downstairs now, bump, bump, bump, on the back of his head, behind Christopher Robin.
Once upon a time, a very long time ago now, about last Friday, Winnie-the-Pooh lived in a forest all by himself under the name of Sanders.
That buzzing-noise means something. You don't get a buzzing-noise like that, just buzzing and buzzing, without its meaning something. If there's a buzzing-noise, somebody's making a buzzing-noise, and the only reason for making a buzzing-noise that I know of is because you're a bee.
When you go after honey with a balloon, the great thing is not to let the bees know you're coming.
Does anyone talk like that?
Does anyone still talk like that?
We the people, are pissed off.
We the people are overwhelmed.
I picked some raspberries.
Raspberries are so delicious.
I'll answer that later.
Poverty is violence.
I'm feeling weak.
Tom farted.
Everything is spinning.
Light the fire, stir it up; then mix thoroughly the hearth with a brand, stuff yourself with roasted meat; be careful whether it is a blackbird.
I tell you, these succulent persimmons taste like steak; in addition, they are from our region, from Mitidja.
That's it, the white blackbird, I made it black, as I had already talked about long before, at the start.
I tried to reschedule but all I got was a voicemail.
There isn't a good psych ward for trans people around here.
There aren't any good psych wards around here.
Tom can't find a good psych ward.
Unlike me, Tom has lived here his whole life.
You're not supposed to be up there.
You've survived everything in your life so far.
Good times fly by; bad times never end.
We don't have to waste our life in earning it.
While the lion roars, the donkey walks towards him! It's the world upside down!
Too bad there are so few Chaouis to launch their cry from the heart in their language! I don't need to listen to what he says in Arabic to empathize with their millennial pain!
“If you can't scratch yourself, no one can do it for you,” Ali Ideflawen says in his song “Mohand, my bud”.
He has suffered all the misfortunes of fate, even those that were not intended for him.
The USSR was a dictatorship of the Bolsheviks, not of the proletariat.
Tom couldn't think of a snappy comeback.
Cookie is a pretty cat.
Tom and Mary live in an anarchosyndicalist commune.
There is too much carbon emissions in the world.
"English" is what is English, the English; it is also everything that speaks of the English people, English culture and everything that lives, was, is born in English country.
The cat licked its paws.
There's an extra period at the beginning of this.
Are you copying and pasting these from somewhere?
I would say that a verse is a structural unit, whereas a passage or excerpt can consist of parts of multiple verses or a small part of a verse.
"Pop" is one of the regional terms in the U.S. for a carbonated soft drink.
I used to go to a diner with my parents that would always offer vinegar with fries, and one day I tried it and loved it.
Wipe them out.
Tom has two moms.
Little things add up.
It's not an all-or-nothing thing.
Doing things, however minor those things are, helps contribute to peace of mind.
It makes sense that I would feel this way.
I don't write as much poetry anymore.
You wouldn't say that to anyone else, so why do you say it to yourself?
I've lived a life governed by a deep sense of shame.
Remind Tom to get a second opinion.
Tom is an eccentric.
Many people are saying this.
I've figured out the truth.
I've figured out the truth, and I'm willing to share it with you for a low, low cost.
That wasn't about anyone here.
You can't say that, Tom.
It never ends.
You wouldn't download a car.
Asher isn't Jewish. He's Samaritan.
I'm a unicorn.
Bruh, what?
That's a cute hat.
I love your purse.
Are you Jewish?
There are many such cases.
Cats aren't very patient.
“The famine, we have often supported it; today, we do not hold back in the face of profusion”, says a Kabyle proverb.
Do you want to leave soonish?
It's an accurate description.
They told me not to tell Tom that.
Tom went to bat for me.
Sufferance is the badge of all our tribe.
Sweet night!
Drag in slippers until you find shoes.
I love cats more than people.
I think Tom and Mary love cats more than people.
Arm yourself.
Arm yourselves.
Tom right-clicked Mary's NFT and saved it to his computer.
I have a surface-level knowledge of a lot of things.
French is the only language Tom knows.
French is the only other language Tom knows.
French isn't one of the languages Tom can speak.
My cat's name isn't Tom.
Viva Ukraine!
Esther was born on a kibbutz.
You're not to blame for Tom's death.
It wasn't your fault what happened to Tom.
Tom was already planning to do that.
You can't just do it!
You think it's easy!
It's easier said than done!
"One should not give an offering without anything else", says a Kabyle proverb of yesteryear.
You see: sleep surprised me; moreover, I dreamed that I had lost my footing. So, go untie that, you!
"Tom, don't drink that!" "But you said it was a cocktail." "It's a Molotov cocktail!"
I don't know what "je ne sais quoi" means.
The United States, Russia, and China are imperialist powers.
America, China, and Russia are competitors in imperialism.
I don't see how the Pope can complain about "ideological colonialism" when the Catholic Church has been involved in modern colonialism from Day 1, and still owns immense properties throughout the colonized world.
French isn't the only language Tom knows.
There isn't only one right answer, but that doesn't mean there are no wrong answers.
I just remembered we have vegan nuggets.
"Schmuck" means something very different in German than in Yiddish.
What happened to you wasn't your fault.
One difference between the treatment of Jews and gay men by the Nazis is that Jews could not escape the camps by "reforming."
I'm in the lot next to the place.
Can you retweet this?
The way this is worded makes it seem like it was originally a right-wing meme, but it works great as a left-wing one.
Have you heard his latest remarks?
I made the concept of an NFT into an NFT.
For my 37th birthday I'm going to start an anarchosyndicalist commune.
I had to look it up.
I'll try to do that next.
Tom wouldn't know anything about that.
Demographers warn that by 2030, there will be one pensioner for every working person in Russia.
The wealth gap is prevalent in Asia, attracting more white people to come to Asian countries for more privileges, according to Tong Yuying, professor of sociology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong specializing in social demography and migration.
Due to its geography and demography, conquering Panjshir by force is considered extremely difficult.
I'm the executor of Tom Jackson's estate.
I'm not paying attention because I'm writing.
The paucity of replies suggests that people either don't care, haven't seen it, or don't know what to say.
The rectum begins at the rectosigmoid junction and ends at the anus.
They said my rectum was OK and that there was no permanent damage.
The Lord interceded on my behalf.
They look on Tom with adulation.
I wasn't paying attention because I was writing.
This would contravene several articles of the Geneva Convention.
Remember to flip your tassel after receiving your diploma.
I'm trying to be less passive-aggressive.
I'm the executor of her estate.
Do you really expect me to swallow this tripe?
It's a bunch of tripe.
I haven't seen any vegan tripe, but I haven't really been looking, either.
He's a big hulk of a man.
30-50 feral hogs ran into my yard while my small kids were playing.
My left arm hurts.
Did you get your COVID booster?
That's my favorite spaghetti western.
What Tom said wasn't very edifying.
Please don't disturb me while I'm reading.
This translation is difficult to read.
He's gay and his boyfriends are both bi.
When cats slowly blink at you, it means they trust you. Slowly blink back at them!
It's important for cats to have a sense of choice to continue or end an interaction.
When cats sleep near you, it means they like you. If they sleep on their back, it means they trust you a lot.
Snuggling is a way that cats show affection.
Cats who are close groom each other socially, including in the hind parts. This is why they often shove their butts in people's faces.
Most cats prefer to be pet around their ears, on their cheeks, and under their chin.
Putting your hand up to a cat and letting them decide whether to be pet will increase their trust. If they want to be pet, they will probably rub their cheek against your hand. If they don't, they will probably look away.
"You never used to say that." "I picked it up from my partner."
Cat communication is subtle.
Fascism is bad.
That shouldn't have to be said.
Dr. Phil is not a licensed psychologist.
There was only one Holocaust, but there have been many genocides.
The word "genocide" isn't synonymous with the word "Holocaust."
He's bi and large.
She's bi and large.
He doesn't like to be called that.
Is Batman gay?
Do you say that here?
There's too much clutter in the photo.
No one says that here.
I'll never understand it.
That's something I'll never understand.
She doesn't wear dentures.
She wears dentures.
Do dogs and cats really not get along?
I don't have the Toki Pona Dictionary.
The ISO 639-3 code for Toki Pona is "tok."
Our cat has complaints about the service.
The rider mounted a horse.
Lounes Matoub said a lot of things, if we listened to him. Judge of it: “The paths obstructed, we will clear them; the crooked people, we will coax them; the weary country, we will free it from its yoke; the wicked who overwhelms us will weep on that day." May he rest in peace.
Don't talk to me before I've had my coffee.
Hope is the bedrock of this nation.
It is our shared values that form the bedrock of a robust relationship across peoples and governments.
That the entire descending aorta in man results from the fusion of two vessels is shown by the rare cases in which the aorta is divided throughout its entire length by a septum.
"Get that mongrel away from me!" "Her name is Cookie."
It was pandemonium at the stadium after the game.
But this magnificent appellation was all she gained by her marriage.
We have to do what we have to do. We are who we are.
There is no easy answer to this question.
There are only two genders: male and political.
We've got another nor'easter coming.
"I thought you were gay." "I'm bi."
Jews and Roma were the only two groups targeted for extermination by the Nazis.
"Hello!" "Hello, how are you?"
"Hello!" "Hi, how are you?"
He who wants, seeks knowledge; he who dodges invokes impossibility.
The shield you're looking for is in the crypt.
It's a heterogeneous group, not a homogeneous one.
My earrings have tassels hanging from them.
Anyone should be able to live anywhere.
The plant, we call it asphodel and its stem, the flower stalk.
We will never end with impudence!
Since the tooth is broken, how could the jaw work?
Cookie meowed, and I meowed back.
May the scourge of scarcity reach the haves!
Tom ate the last one.
"Oh, you're gay? Do you know Tom Jackson?" "We don't all know each other, you know. But yes."
Mercy! This Covid spared no one.
Our pack is so loaded.
We have suffered too much.
She spent the weekend with her paramour.
It's made of alabaster.
Are you really a wizard?
What are you basing this on?
This is what the vox populi reports: he who stirs up the mire brings the mud to the surface.
I've come from very far away, from Ath-Waghlis, and Madame hasn't finished getting dressed!
It's really a mess forever!
That doesn't always work.
I used to be much friendlier.
Ladino is most similar to Castillian, but it also shares a lot of vocabulary with Portuguese and Italian.
Modern art is fine. I don't understand why people hate it so intensely.
Life makes no sense.
May he rest in peace.
Tom lies as easily as he breathes.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Tom Jackson? He's an apostate.
Most species of kingfisher are found in tropical regions.
Kingfishers don't just eat fish.
Found in the water column above the reef, this is usually one of the first species a diver or snorkeller will see upon entering the water.
Salvador Dali was kicked out of the surrealist movement.
His work in the factory was to carry bobbins around to the operatives as fast as they wanted them, and hence he was called "The Bobbin Boy."
Cats are too good for this world.
"You smoke weed?" "It's for my PTSD."
The movie leaked.
There's no big hurry.
Russia is one of America's main competitors in the imperialism game.
Marx and Engels weren't prophets.
Marx and Engels were prophets.
What matters is that I mean something to some small number of people.
I'd rather have the love of those close to me than the approval of the masses.
My refund came.
The works of Marx and Engels were never intended to become sacred texts, but were contributions to what they viewed as a science.
How's the new kitten doing?
Just be honest about whether or not you're a native speaker.
I imagine I'll have it done much sooner.
Ukraine's president is Jewish.
She has a masculine way of talking.
Russian intelligence supports neo-Nazis throughout the world.
You don't have to be pro-West to oppose Russia's illegal occupation of Ukraine.
Our problem is with the Russian state, not the Russian people.
I guess that new era of international cooperation didn't quite work out.
Stalin was a monster.
I had a classmate from Kyiv growing up.
Russian warship, go fuck yourself.
Mark Zuckerberg is more of a monster than you know.
I don't think love passes; I think it changes.
I don't think you really know anything about our religion.
I like that movie.
I haven't seen that movie in a while.
Neurotypicals have no idea how many unspoken rules they live by.
It's not possible to really understand the whole world.
Tom and I are working on a gritty reboot of an 80s classic.
Purim and St. Patrick's Day fall on the same day this year.
Kabylia loves Ukraine and Russia.
The Kabyles would like to see the Ukrainians and the Russians live side by side in peace.
I came here to laugh at you.
Tom's as Jewish as a ham and cheese sandwich.
I've got an interview tomorrow.
I've got a job interview tomorrow.
I'm about to feed the cats.
She doesn't really talk like that.
My voice does not sound like that!
The PlayStation controller was covered in spittle.
The tabernacle was the predecessor of the Temple.
Using salient exemplars, demagogues are able to spread the false impression that minority groups are more dangerous than they are.
He was dressed in a minister's garb.
Social media leads to the amplification of once-fringe views, for better or worse.
She's undergone a metamorphosis from a quiet, bookish girl to an outspoken feminist activist.
The community underwent a schism.
Her verve stayed with her well into her old age.
Tommy left some spittle on the table.
I don't speak Klingon.
It was nothing personal.
I was thinking of adding that the other day.
"This is my cat, Cookie." "Awww, what an adorable kitty-cat!"
Cats are the mascot of the Internet.
You could tell Tom's heart wasn't in it.
I've never been to Hungary.
It has a chemical taste to it.
I had to give them the 411 on the situation.
A collaboration with a French illustrator, the books are about daily life in the suburb: the loves, the heartaches, the ambitions and the setbacks.
Psych!
Tom thought he was all that and a bag of chips.
The personal is political.
As soon as I arrived I made an attempt to find my host, but the two or three people of whom I asked his whereabouts stared at me in such an amazed way, and denied so vehemently any knowledge of his movements, that I slunk off in the direction of the cocktail table—the only place in the garden where a single man could linger without looking purposeless and alone.
The move has sparked alarm and is intensifying efforts to slash energy consumption and find alternatives.
Place a few oysters at one time in a wire frying basket and immerse in smoking hot fat.
“Long live the shadow! Eating comes after,” says the heat-stricken dog.
"I don't like you." "You're entitled to your opinion."
I pegged him as a Marxist-Leninist.
I guess that's what's important.
Antisemitism has really exploded over the last few years.
It's relatable; I'm the same way.
Oh, that's good.
I've never heard him do that.
I listened to a handful of episodes, maybe five.
I don't like guns, but those of us who are healthy enough to use them safely should arm ourselves, learn gun safety, and train together.
I'll probably keep listening.
I do learn things, and I guess that's what's important.
I didn't know he was an anarchist.
I've come to trust them a lot more than I did for a while.
I'd like to pick it up again at some point.
I'd like to pick French up again at some point.
Professionally, I wouldn't apply to a job to translate into a language other than my native one.
I applied to a job a week or two ago, but they had already found someone.
That's a topic I think I could write a lot about.
I got up early this morning, so I'm more tired than usual.
Lately I've been waking up late for me, at around nine in the morning.
I'm having trouble updating to the next version.
It's a bot.
"How could you say that?" "It's a bot. Its statements are auto-generated."
It didn't say there were any updates.
Every right-wing accusation is a confession.
It's unfortunate how many language courses shy away from teaching people how to be political.
I contribute to Tatoeba, a corpus of example sentences with translations for language learners.
I'm not giving them my email address.
They could be right.
They could be right, but I remember otherwise.
I think at some point something happened to it, maybe?
I got it to work using my VPN.
The donation page doesn't allow you to say what it's for.
Did you figure out what was wrong?
Jesus was ethnically and nationally Jewish, and was famously labeled "the King of the Jews" by the Romans, rather than "the King of the Palestinians." In John 1:49 he is called "the King of Israel" by another Jew.
Purim is a fun holiday.
Birds aren't real.
The seeds can be added to porridge or soup.
Try a sliced apple with a lowfat cheese wedge.
U.S. President Donald Trump has issued three executive orders that pertain to immigration in the past week.
They should fully fund missile defense programs.
The above ground pool and deck overlook the pasture and rolling hills.
When a voter applies for a mail ballot, it is recorded in the voter file.
It should be borne in mind that dizziness, headache, nausea, or fatigue may occasionally occur.
That is a rumour that won't ever seem to go away.
It sounds like its being sold by the original builder here on this e-commerce site.
She could not escape with her reputation intact.
Staple a note on the bag that says it's your lunch.
Who of those who have been cast down by sin shall ascend?
We'll get back in the groove of things before long.
That will encourage radish leaf growth instead of root development.
They will relinquish power and dismantle the single-party state.
The software is extremely robust and full-featured.
Use a grenade to blow open the two vault doors.
He grips his favorite toy in hands still sticky from the bread dough he helped the cook knead ten or so minutes ago.
It is advisable to bring some photographic identification, such as a valid passport.
She decided to embark on a new challenge to further her career.
It has become a family ritual to sit down together on Sunday and plan out the week.
He or she has 30 days in which to invoke the protection of Section 37.9(g).
In 2015, Burundi's economy suffered from political turmoil, including street protests and an attempted coup.
The tube does not run to a strict timetable during the day.
His mother is a nursery school teacher and his father is a primary school teacher.
Her face was distorted and malignant with menace.
Specialized instruments are used to uncover any hidden pockets of water.
Our redundant infrastructure ensures the highest levels of service availability.
I dread more the peril to my good name.
The meeting was extremely interesting even to the non-Esperantic mind, as illustrating the practicability of Esperanto as an international medium of expression; for here one heard ladies and gentlemen from various countries, having little or no knowledge of each others language, clearly and fluently expressing their ideas in a public building, and being evidently promptly understood by those listening.
The machine gives a food reward when your rat presses a lever.
This wood wallet is crafted from a single piece of walnut.
We used to always make brisket for Pesach.
Your regular homeowners insurance policy will provide coverage for necessary home repairs.
They took the reed and smote him on the head.
Koala populations are declining, largely due to habitat loss and fragmentation.
She is wearing her green swimsuit with the hole around the navel.
We use a candy cannon to shoot sweets in the air.
The hydraulic cylinder was the main problem and was changed to a new one.
And a drought doesn’t only hit bellies — the U.N. notes that in Malawi, some 137,000 children have been forced out of school, many daunted by the prospect of a hungry, thirsty trek to school — only to be followed by a hungry, thirsty day in the classroom.
Life's too short to worry.
Lebanon has a higher rate of skin cancer than Israel.
Only one other species of moth also produces silk fiber.
Intermediate uveitis is often characterized by the sudden presence of floaters.
Her head was shaved and secured in a three-pronged skull clamp.
A fair society doesn't deny gay people what it gives to straight people.
Tom is John's barber.
Tom is John's lab partner.
Tom is Mary's lab partner.
Happy Equinox!
The directors' style is far more different than similar, but there is certainly some overlap.
“Fear not, nurse,” answered Telemachus, “my scheme is not without heaven’s sanction; but swear that you will say nothing about all this to my mother, till I have been away some ten or twelve days, unless she hears of my having gone, and asks you; for I do not want her to spoil her beauty by crying.”
Put the books back where you found them.
We value fairness.
It's a very old picture.
"Is that you in the picture?" "It is." "It looks like a completely different person."
Tom lost, but he put up a good fight.
Tom lost, but he gave the other guy hell.
Tom climbed into his highchair.
“What do you think of that?” cried the detective, with the air of a showman exhibiting his show. “This was overlooked because it was in the darkest corner of the room, and no one thought of looking there. The murderer has written it with his or her own blood. See this smear where it has trickled down the wall! That disposes of the idea of suicide anyhow. Why was that corner chosen to write it on? I will tell you. See that candle on the mantelpiece. It was lit at the time, and if it was lit this corner would be the brightest instead of the darkest portion of the wall.”
I don't think "all your base are belong to us" is a grammatically correct sentence.
It's fine if it works.
The more variables you have, the less predictable the results become.
If you like your cheeks so much, my dear, even the dog has them.
I can shut your whole system down with the mere push of a button.
I'm quaking in my boots.
The jig is up! Come out with your hands up!
You can't close that. It's unclosable.
I know what you're up to, buddy. Don't think you can hide from me.
Try updating your browser and see if that fixes the problem.
Hold on. Let me pull up the site on my phone.
The director has asked the board to nominate him for a second term.
Think about your kids.
Tom got in his truck and drove off, and we haven't seen him since.
After their argument, Tom stormed off.
The call is untraceable.
You can't keep beating yourself up over things that happened years ago.
No, I don't need anything.
You deserve each other.
I didn't mean for you to find it.
Things are better now. Don't worry.
Snap out of it. She's not coming back.
Just keep it or throw it away if you don't need it.
I'm scared of what you might say.
Please take me back.
Don't take this the wrong way, but you're just not my type.
Tom didn't have the guts to break up with Mary.
I come here all the time.
I can't stop reliving those moments.
Go after her. You've still got a chance.
Things like this just happen.
We weren't meant for each other.
They cut my hours again.
We used to be pretty happy together.
I'm not giving you any more rides.
Tom ate in his car, as usual.
I'm stuck in a dead-end job.
Tom called out sick again.
We can still be friends, though.
I'm going to have trouble making rent.
You're not off the hook just yet.
You've been asked to leave.
Your playlist sucks.
You and I had something really special.
So, how'd the date go?
I think we're just prolonging the inevitable.
We're not really on speaking terms.
Look, she doesn't want to see you. Get that through your head.
Tom's parents said they haven't seen him in months.
I can't turn it up any louder. That's as loud as it goes.
For a comedian, Tom's not all that funny.
That sounds like something you've experienced firsthand.
I was trying to be nonconfrontational.
Take back what you said.
Sorry, I wasn't thinking.
There's nowhere to park.
Thankfully, the drive-thru was open 24/7.
If you don't get out now, things are just going to keep on getting worse.
I don't want to have to call the cops.
We would have made a good couple.
Can I borrow some money? I'll pay you back next week.
Tom sat on the porch and chain-smoked.
The look in her eyes said everything.
If this is a fight, I'm losing.
It's not your fault. It's not anybody's fault.
Maybe we could have worked out our problems.
Those memories will come back to haunt you.
What's eating you up?
Things aren't getting better anytime soon.
She's the only person I've ever really trusted.
Sleeping in your car is like camping, sort of.
Promise not to forget about the good times we had.
Tom couldn't look at the photo without tearing up.
With money comes power.
Why is it so expensive?
Why does it cost so much?
I'd like a replacement.
Nothing was missing.
You were in my dream.
Make the font a little bigger.
This verb can be transitive or intransitive.
Tom doesn't celebrate his birthday.
Do you celebrate Christmas?
We're having a little get-together.
Tom sounded drunk.
Tom seemed out of it.
Tom seemed a bit loopy.
I think Tom's on drugs.
I just saw a guy get stabbed.
Tom was injured by a hit-and-run driver.
The injuries were serious but not life-threatening.
The police are urging anyone with information to come forward.
There's no way you can jump that far.
That looks incredibly dangerous.
We're not married to each other.
Our relationship is completely platonic.
It stopped turning on.
My computer has been randomly shutting off.
It's not making any noise.
I can't think of anything wrong with that.
The light's too dim.
Do you spend a lot of money on clothes?
Do you like shopping for clothes?
We had to wear a uniform.
I buy all my clothes online.
There were bars on the windows.
I think it's in the basement.
What do you keep in the attic?
I'm prepared to defend myself.
We're rooting for you.
Don't forget to set your clocks back an hour.
A name has not yet been found for horseless carriages... The latest suggestion we have had is 'motor car'.
I don't think she fully grasped the concept.
She began sniffing for clues.
Who am I to judge?
Could you dumb it down a bit?
You're going to have to spell it out for me.
I couldn't make heads or tails of it.
Sorry, but I'm still not getting it.
Could you speak up?
You're making it more complicated than it needs to be.
It's pretty straightforward, actually.
Tom strummed the guitar.
You're practically giving them away with prices that cheap.
Are you trying to drive me out of business?
I'm the owner of the house.
It's in working condition.
I need to clear out my storage unit.
It's free for the taking.
Tom's old car has seen better days.
These action figures are in mint condition.
What you would not like for yourself, do not wish it for others.
That's not much of an incentive.
It's cheaper if you buy in bulk.
That word contains four consonants.
I have difficulty pronouncing consonant clusters.
Is "Y" a consonant or a vowel?
Tom bought a hedge trimmer.
Why do humans have two nostrils?
FBI stands for Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Do you know how to change a diaper?
His books were filled with spurious arguments.
You need some evidence to bolster your claim.
College enrollment is down 2%.
I couldn't print the handouts because the printer wasn't working.
Dilute the solution.
I abjure, curse, and detest the aforesaid errors and heresies.
The racer looked as though he might eat the wall after trying to juke his opponent.
Tom is a sixth form student.
I've been faithful to you.
Someday you'll meet the right person for you.
I met someone new.
I understand how serious things are.
Tom's parents didn't like Mary.
Has Tom been released from prison?
Where will you be having your honeymoon?
I got a really weird text message.
We heard a knock on the door.
Tom Jackson is not real.
Tom's been lying to you all this time.
No one's allowed back there.
This is the fire exit.
The glass shattered.
That's going to leave a bruise.
I subscribed to your channel.
I'm very content with my life.
There's got to be a logical explanation for this.
I heard Tom talking to somebody on the phone.
Tom walked across the yard.
Did Tom say anything about where he was going?
The property is vacant.
I'm trying to save up some money so I can move out of my parents' house.
It's a pretty easy job.
Most days are pretty uneventful.
Neither of them are mine.
You can have both of them.
Choose whichever one you like.
Neither of them belong to me.
None of them belong to me.
None of them are mine.
That one's not mine.
You're still in trouble.
This is cutting-edge technology.
I'll try to check it out.
Where did you hear about us?
Where did you hear about this job?
Quit your laughing.
Your settings have been saved.
Did that ring you were looking for ever turn up?
"Did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
Look elsewhere.
It's a natural process of ageing that can obstruct or block the flow of urine.
It's snowing in April.
The deep crease in the centre of my forehead was dramatically reduced.
A greeting is a type of phatic expression.
Ejective consonants occur more often in languages from mountainous regions.
Students who like writing are few and far between.
Let's swap places.
Want to swap places?
Swap it out for a new one.
Your gutters need to be replaced.
I don't want to clean the gutters.
It doesn't get any easier than that.
It's as easy as can be.
That's as simple as it gets.
I scraped my shin.
Tom fell down an elevator shaft.
I already turned my computer off.
That sounds like a lawsuit in the making.
I wasn't provided legal counsel.
I'm surprised you didn't get expelled.
Fold and unfold along each of the lines to make a crease.
On the seventh day out, before daybreak, the slaves rose up in rebellion.
Tom could have both of us killed.
People from all over the world covet a table at this very restaurant.
The singer's voice has an otherworldly quality.
Many explanations have been put forward, but none of them are particularly satisfying.
You'll have to try a bit harder next time.
Maybe Tom isn't such a bad guy after all.
Further discussion of this topic is unlikely to be beneficial.
The opinion of a third party is more likely to be trustworthy.
Break free from the chains that bind you!
I've been trying to improve my drawing skills.
Sorry, I'm supposed to be practicing drawing right now.
Gradual improvements can be hard to notice, but they're still there.
The petition has garnered over 10,000 signatures.
It seems fine to me.
Tom is an angry little man.
Tom broke into the tow yard to steal his car back.
The key broke off in the lock.
Local kids were seen throwing rocks at passing motorists.
Tom destroyed Mary's sandcastle with a single swift kick.
The silence was broken by the sound of Tom loudly blowing his nose.
Tom's old business partner screwed him out of a couple thousand dollars.
Unable to find a spatula, Tom used tongs to flip the pancakes.
You get what you get and you don't throw a fit.
Now and then the parrot would utter quite apropos sentences in the most unexpected manner.
The binding is white buckram, with dark green cloth sides richly gilt.
The head, expanding from the neck, contracts to a bluntly pointed anterior end.
When making a video game, keep your scope small.
There are several gold ingots in the safe.
I've never seen a gold ingot in real life.
Tom got some Silly Putty for his birthday.
Tom has done nothing untoward.
Tom is an itinerant preacher.
I therefore admonish you to give the defendant the benefit of every reasonable doubt.
We are affiliated with a franchise that installed over a million dollars in solar last year.
They'll also be there.
Will they be there too?
Are they also going to be there?
They constructed therewith a peerless palace, which was of great beauty and of celestial make.
Piper filed a bill to enjoin Brown from infringing two patents.
I'm trying to keep you safe.
Let's stay on the path.
Stick to the path.
It sure is windy.
Let go of the fence.
Tom wasn't exactly thrilled with the plan, but he agreed to go along with it.
She's skilled enough that she very well might start her own business.
She's rather quaint, but a good friend if you get to know her.
The SCP Foundation contains and studies anomalous entities.
Tom was gutted when he failed the exam.
It looks like glass, but it certainly doesn't feel like it.
I fumbled for my keys as I approached the entrance.
He punctuated his sentences with various superlatives.
They played a short round of blackjack before leaving the casino.
This orientation course will teach you everything you need to know.
She revved up the motorcycle's engine in preparation for the stunt.
As a professional cryptozoologist, I have collected Sasquatch droppings, mapped a nest of Chupacabras, and tracked sea serpents across the Indian Ocean.
We're in the Boreal forest of Canada, and we've uncovered a civilization of literate caterpillars.
Surely you jest.
After bonding, more ductile epoxy is used to waterproof the bond.
Why would I buy cucumbers from the store when I have an edible garden back home?
It amazes me how often we want things we don’t need at all.
Spending time in nature is one of the best ways to improve your mood, especially if you’re living in the city, where stress is prevalent.
The President shall promulgate a regulation providing for the mandatory allocation of crude oil.
Being of a diffident nature, he preferred private practice to appearing in the lecture hall.
The stained man took off his cap and replied diffidently.
You're not a scaredy pants, are you?
This is your big moment.
It's been months since I got the vaccine, but my head is still lacking in cat ears.
If anyone asks, you don't know me.
Just stick to the plan.
Everything's going to be smooth sailing from here on out.
We've got a big day tomorrow.
Creating a digital clone of someone's voice is now easier than ever.
Technology is scary.
Deer are the best thing to ever grace this planet.
This is a typical conversation one might overhear in a local Beijing market — a customer and vegetable seller commiserating over the rising cost of produce.
Yet when he wants to make a figure, he now and then lards his discourse with a scrap of thread-bare Latin which he used to steal in his school-boy exercises.
Suggestions include tetanus shots for pregnant women, teaching women to keep their babies warm and snug against their chests and breast-feeding shortly after birth.
And as Iraqi forces poise themselves to win the battle for Mosul city in the coming days or weeks, some locals fear that when this war is over, rebuilding infrastructure will not be enough to end more than a decade of extremist brutality and build a lasting peace.
Osgood was based back east in New York City, where he had bought an entire block, built a mansion on it, and become a cigar-smoking pal of other wealthy industrialists.
The sale of Nile Perch fish maw in Uganda has become a lucrative business, especially for distributors.
African banks are turning to mobile phones to entice the many Africans who don't use banks.
Government agricultural forecasters in Australia are predicting a bumper winter crop, which should help to meet soaring demand from Asia.
For example, we see a yellow beverage we’re about to drink and many of us would anticipate that we will be drinking something tart like lemonade.
The city of Lyctos in Crete forbade any Epicurean to enter it under penalty of the most frightful tortures.
Mathafeni village about 600 kilometers southwest of Harare is in one of the driest districts in Zimbabwe, but a solar-powered borehole pumps water into a trough where some cattle are drinking.
Markets were in a slump Monday as impatience appeared to be growing among investors with the slow introduction of new COVID-19 vaccines and the slow pace of economic stimulus legislation.
I shall satiate my ardent curiosity with the sight of a part of the world never before visited, and may tread a land never before imprinted by the foot of man.
A golden roasted turkey — with stuffing and lots of gravy — will be the highlight of the traditional Thanksgiving feast in millions of homes across America on Thursday.
Most people would loathe such a career.
Some bellow out insults so loudly that even radio and television audiences can hear every word.
If you use someone else's drawing as your profile picture, make sure to credit the artist in your bio.
Give it up for Tom on the drums!
It was a textbook case of suicide by cop.
Hold on. It's buffering.
People come from all over the world just to see it.
I had a pregnancy scare.
This CAPTCHA is impossible to read.
You were going sixty in a forty-five.
You were doing sixty in a forty-five.
Tom failed a field sobriety test.
Is chivalry dead?
After a 12-hour-long shift, all she wanted was to flop onto her bed and hibernate.
This is not legal advice.
Remember to smash that like button!
Smash that like button!
Young Burmese pythons coil in plastic boxes at a science lab at the University of Colorado in Boulder.
In the second half, Cameroon's Nicolas Nkoulou leveled the score with a brilliant header, then Vincent Aboubakar scored the decisive goal about three minutes before the final whistle.
In lab experiments, when researchers blocked that pore the parasite stopped growing and eventually died.
Rows of cabbages wind beneath passion fruit vines, and tiny red eggplants rub shoulders with the spikes of a rare type of leek.
All publicity is good publicity.
Cancer researcher Michael Burns said pinpointing which bacteria cause cancer in the large intestine could help identify patients who are at high risk for the disease.
Militants who seized Mubi in October ruled by whim, conscripted by gunpoint, and imposed harsh punishments.
Just at daybreak, I was awakened by a series of terrible screams from Bill.
Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding.
Excepting the woollen goods and a small trade in metals, leather is the only manufactured article which figured to any appreciable extent in our export of 1730.
Ibrahim Gambari said the trip provided "no tangible results" in his efforts to move the Asian nation closer to democracy.
The BFI London Film Festival has opened with the Jay-Z-produced flick where headliners Regina King, Jonathan Majors, and Idris Elba look to redefine westerns.
The powerful governor is refusing to relinquish control despite being ousted by the country’s president.
Mr. Obama said both Brazil and the U.S. had "thrown off the yoke of colonialism" and found strength in diversity.
At first glance Lviv seems like a normal Central European city with some bustle in the streets.
Employees and volunteers could be seen cheering and clapping in a video shared at the sight of the empty kennel at Friends of Palm Beach County Animal Care and Control in the city of West Palm Beach.
Since being spotted in Nigeria in 2016, a fast-spreading agricultural pest called Spodoptera frugiperda, or the fall armyworm, has been threatening the food security of people who live in countries across sub-Saharan Africa.
Mohammad Javad Zarif, in an interview published Saturday in the Iranian newspaper Hamshahri, said recently passed legislation compels the government to harden its position on the issue.
The gardens were already famous far and wide, and all Europe had added to their wealth: tulips from Holland, carnations and roses from France, oleanders and passion-flowers from Italy, while Spain had furnished orange-trees and myrtles.
The following day when I woke up, I started puking, and the puke was bloodstained.
Its father was a very good bull, and I am expecting her to give me a very good heifer.
What are you in for?
The expedition was fraught with disaster.
It was a small collection of dwellings that seemed to have been cast up by the sea, with the rock-weed and marine plants that it vomits after a storm, or to have come ashore among the pipe-staves and other lumber, which had been washed from the deck of an Eastern schooner.
Henri Eyebe Ayissi, Cameroon’s state property, survey and land tenure minister, and Biya’s close ally led the CPDM party delegation to Lekie and delivered what he called a special message for Biya supporters.
The app will take care of the payment, but somebody — in most states, the driver — still has to get out and manually insert the fuel pump nozzle into the car's gas tank.
Alongside cephalopods like the octopus and the cuttlefish, seahorses are some of the most fascinating animals in the ocean.
Velvet fabric is often seen as a sign of luxury.
Cairo photojournalist Hamada Elrasam gives us a peek inside the magnificent stone structure whose beauty and splendor gives visitors a sense of what was once one of the world's most vibrant Jewish communities.
Their ancient remains are still being found at the La Brea Tar Pits in Los Angeles, California, 100 years after scientists first began their excavations.
When we talk about weather, a whirlwind is a very strong wind that moves in a spinning or swirling motion.
Once-haughty newspapers like the Washington Post are assigning writers and editors to chat with readers in real-time, online sessions.
The UN Conference on Trade and Development warns this tiny territory could soon become unfit for humans to live in by 2020 if current trends are not reversed.
In family photos, Ciham appears carefree. She poses casually for the camera, her hair pulled into a braided ponytail.
I want my bride, the little Kirstine, though banish’d from the land I be.
December 18, 2013, was the 149th anniversary of the abolition of slavery in the United States.
Manhattan would be the first place in the US to use congestion pricing, an idea imported from London, Milan and Singapore.
The Oxfam report says the global trade in arms is a double-edged sword, it can fuel and exacerbate armed conflict while at the same time diverting resources away from poverty reduction.
Over the years, Clark has developed a liking for some invasive plants, like the white mulberry tree.
The lychee harvest is in full swing in Vietnam's northern Hai Duong province, but local officials say fewer Chinese traders have come to buy the sweet and juicy fruit this summer due to concerns about anti-China sentiment.
The initial outlay is quite high, but it's sure to pay off.
The puff adder is only one of many venomous snakes native to sub-Saharan Africa.
That means the people of quaint Cape May, New Jersey, may already be busy, airing out their sumptuous homes in preparation for the annual rush of beach-loving guests.
As America’s 30th President (1923-1929), Calvin Coolidge demonstrated his determination to preserve the old moral and economic precepts of frugality amid the material prosperity which many Americans were enjoying during the 1920s era.
The delicate procedure they have been perfecting involves lifting the womb containing the fetus out of the mother at between 20 and 26 weeks of pregnancy, and operating on the fetus to repair the deformed spinal cord.
U.S President Joe Biden said early Thursday major railroads and workers’ unions had reached a tentative agreement on better pay and improved working conditions intended to avert a nationwide rail strike.
Tom breeds dogs.
Refusal to comply will be met with swift punishment.
Soon after his arrival he was created a Baronet, and was subsequently appointed Lieutenant-Governor.
Her cheeks were crimson, her whole body from head to foot instinct and alive with a beauty that to Cyrus and Deborah, as they stood mute with horror in the open doorway, seemed akin to some devilish enchantment.
Nevertheless, while so many of her patriot sons were engaged in the deadly strife of Southern battle-fields, and the result of the struggle was in the uncertain future, a sombre cloud could not fail to brood over our daily life, interfering with the full enjoyment of the blessings we retained.
She could not endure her amiable step-daughter, with all her charming qualifications; for they only made her own daughters appear more hateful.
The winds are murmuring, ready to rave.
Undoubtedly we ought to be conscientious and we ought to fear and regret evil.
With the invaluable assistance of that devoted connoisseur, the late Dr. Thies, I went through the Gray collection at Cambridge, enjoying it like a picture-gallery.
There were dark pouches under his eyes; his heavy unshaven face seemed to sag at every crease.
The countryside was bleak, inspiring in him the thought that there are two kinds of desolation; the one that precedes the coming of Man, and the one which he knows only too well how to create wherever he goes.
We told you of the anger of the Austrian people against Count Badeni and his Government, and how the Emperor approved of him and his work, and was determined to uphold him in spite of the opposition.
How are we doing on time?
Tom made a shiv out of the handle of a toothbrush.
Prison guards found a shiv in Tom's cell.
Tom got shanked while he was in prison.
You both did very well.
When the vast Central plains of the United States darken with thunderhead clouds, and rain and hailstones begin to pelt the ground, everyone and everything takes cover, except the pilots of the armor-plated T-28 Storm Penetrator airplane.
Nonetheless, Beijing moved quickly to ban Clubhouse after workarounds made the app available on February 8, fearing it would undermine their control of public discourse.
She walketh veiled and sleeping, for she knoweth not her power; she obeyeth but the pleading of her heart, and the high leading of her soul, unto this hour.
The Beetle was blind, and the Bat was blinder, and they went to take tea with the Scissors-grinder.
The commission has been asked to ascertain the origin, authenticity and purpose of the unsigned memo delivered in May to Admiral Mike Mullen, then the top U.S military official.
Older adults may develop epilepsy because of an infection, stroke or Alzheimer's disease.
Created four decades ago as an economic grouping, ASEAN ratified its charter last December in an effort to expand its influence in Asian and global affairs.
The SADC troika referred the matter to a full summit of the 14-nation regional grouping, to take place within the next fortnight at a location as yet not specified.
The pontiff had a “cordial” discussion with the U.S. president, according to the Vatican, which said it hopes for collaboration on "healthcare, education and assistance to immigrants."
In Egypt, a deeply religious country in a deeply religious region, atheism is not only taboo, it is dangerous.
Johnny Depp's daughter is reportedly recovering from an unspecified serious ailment.
Human rights organizations say a video of Indonesian soldiers taunting a wounded Papuan man in their custody reflects the military's callous attitude towards human rights.
Every 17 years, billions of insects, known as the cicadas of Brood X, rise from the earth.
Maize is used to make a popular, thick porridge called sadza, made of corn meal and served with relish.
He was shot in the melee on Aug. 1, 2018, and a bullet lodged in his right buttock.
However, the one-of-a-kind aircraft spent eight years mothballed before being upgraded and returned to service, where it has been contracted out to various companies and governments.
They found that not only do humans need less sleep than chimps, macaques and lemurs, we spend a greater percentage of our slumber in the deeper, more restorative stages of sleep.
There were grace, seduction, mystery, and coquetry in her face and in all her movements.
"There are very few things that can evoke the kind of emotional response that a great sporting event can evoke," he points out.
Back in the 1980s, scientists developed a glowing plant, but it required the injection of luciferin, a compound found in many bioluminescent organisms.
I shaved a couple seconds off my time.
I don't want to lose my streak.
Was that directed at me?
This is painstaking work.
Way to go, loser!
I know birds like that.
Don't tell anyone I told you.
A remote Iranian desert city, Ice Age-era caves in Germany and a stone wharf in Brazil built for arriving African slave ships are three new additions to UNESCO's list of World Heritage sites.
That sounds like a solid investment.
This board game is missing a few pieces.
What's this on the floor?
Why is this on the floor?
You stepped on it.
Ew! You stepped on it.
Did you step on something?
Tom turned onto a dirt road.
The cashier scanned the barcode.
You wouldn't have been able to see it from back there.
It began moving toward us.
That rule sounds made up.
Tom opened the bottle and poured out the contents.
Sign here and here, please.
Tom was traumatized by what happened.
Tom and Mary were interviewed separately about the night in question, and their stories didn't add up.
The car came to a stop.
They made us dig our own graves.
Tom was long gone.
Tom was disqualified from the tournament on a technicality.
Tom owns a pair of brass knuckles.
The mob enforcer kept a pair of brass knuckles in his coat pocket.
We have a lot of mutual friends.
Is your number still the same?
I think Tom blocked me.
We're going to have to let you go.
I'm stepping into a new chapter of my life.
Smoking is a nasty habit.
Tom is too agreeable.
I can never get a straight answer out of Tom.
I tried to discourage him, but Tom was dead set on going there.
People are now using large plantain leaves to store food — a move that has sparked mixed reactions among consumers and restaurateurs.
I'm built different.
It looks great for the most part. Just this one detail seems off to me.
Can I bum a cig?
Tom butt dialed me.
For some, it's a symbol of victory.
Tell us what it's like to be Tom Jackson.
Unlike other digital currencies, such as Bitcoin, a digital U.S. dollar would be worth exactly that: one dollar. The digital “token” held by the owner is backed and guaranteed by the Federal Reserve.
The valley before and below him was heavily grassed, and throughout its entire length wandered a small stream.
State-owned Korean Central News Agency released a statement and said Kim laid out a plan to usher in “tangible change in stabilizing” the state economy and people’s living conditions.
On the tiny island of Carabane, Khady Ndiaye and her eldest daughter Sophie bustle around her well-stocked store.
Their dog Gulliver, a boxer, added to the general pandemonium by barking emphatically, and also, of course, jumping.
From time to time it may be necessary to test the speed of the turntable to see that there is no variation from the designated speed of 78 revolutions.
There are also remotes for DVD players, stereos, radios, and household products like garage doors, light switches, and alarms.
Certain dates to most of us become in time retrospectively memorable, and doubtless this sunny, fragrant June day would in any case have been remembered by Barbara as the last of a long series of high days and holidays spent by her in her French home during the first few years of her life.
Antonio Guterres was sworn in Friday for a second 5-year term as U.N. Secretary-General after the General Assembly approved it by acclamation.
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed has called for restraint in the Ukraine conflict, noting his country's own suffering after a year of war.
The Mallow Family includes about eight hundred species which are widely distributed in the temperate and tropical countries.
Ehrlich, now 74, began his career in 1953 studying Lepidoptera — that is, butterflies and moths, which still hold his interest. But as Professor of Population Studies at Stanford, his most significant concern today is with global warming.
Parents will no longer be able to sneak a quick puff while waiting to pick up their children at school and teachers will no longer be able to light up between classes. Violators will be fined a hefty $46 (2,000 baht), which is about one and a half week's salary for the average wage earner.
This quaint alpine town is America's hottest venue for independent films. Directors, critics, movie stars and others are here to see the almost 200 films selected for the 2010 Sundance Film Festival.
She says the rudimentary shelters are constructed from anything they can find—bits of plastic or clothing—and these are tacked onto wooden branches, which are then covered with straw.
The system was devised for cataloguing and indexing purposes, but it was found on trial to be equally valuable for numbering and arranging books and pamphlets on the shelves.
The moorland itself is a mass of granite upheaved in pre-glacial days, weathered by countless centuries into undulating surfaces, pierced by jagged tors, and interspersed with large patches of bog and peat-mire.
The privateer is a licensed, the pirate an unlicensed, plunderer; but plunder, not patriotism, being, as a rule, the motive of the former, it is not perhaps surprising that, failing legitimate prey, he has sometimes adopted, to a great extent, the tactics of the latter.
South Korea's top court ruled Thursday that South Korean men can legally reject their mandatory military service on conscientious or religious ground without punishment.
I can't tell if you're being serious.
Newly declassified internal CIA documents show that some agency officials were convinced its detention and interrogation program provided "unique and invaluable intelligence," while others expressed deep reservations and cautioned against leaving a trail of documents questioning its legality.
"Says who?" "Says me, that's who!"
There's no way it costs that much.
That price seems way off.
We stopped to take some pictures.
I made some new friends.
I need some of those too.
I need some just like these.
I need a couple like these.
U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin painted a bleak picture Tuesday of the economic devastation the coronavirus pandemic has wrought on the country, but they held out hope that a raft of loans and assistance to families and businesses would provide relief in the coming months.
One of two women appointed to Sudan's newly created Sovereign Council on Wednesday said she will uphold the rights of all Sudanese people.
Some teachers, however, are working to make debates less angry. They are teaching their students about civil discourse.
Researchers in the United States have identified a number of drug compounds that stop the spread of the Zika virus, potentially protecting pregnant women and their unborn babies from the mosquito-borne illness. One of the compounds already is used to treat tapeworms.
He added that the company has not been able "to properly ascertain the vaccine's effect against severe disease and hospitalization given that subjects were predominantly young healthy adults."
Diplomats and global investors flocked to Riyadh's Ritz Carlton hotel a fortnight ago to hear the crown prince sell his dream of a new $500-billion mega-city in the Saudi kingdom, powered solely by renewable energy, a big shift away from the country's fossil fuel economy.
Government negotiators say the two hour meeting in a Tokyo suburb was cordial and both sides agreed on a need to fast-track peace negotiations. Philippine chief negotiator Marvic Leonen says he counted three instances in which the rebel Chairman Murad Ebrahim said his group was confident in the president’s sincerity.
It had long been taboo for any Japanese politician to discuss the possibility of Japan going nuclear, especially with the country sitting under the protection of the U.S. nuclear umbrella.
The World Health Organization says 184 countries have now joined the COVID-19 global vaccine alliance, known as COVAX, designed to speed development and ensure distribution of viable vaccines and treatments for the ailment caused by the coronavirus.
Reality television shows can make people instant celebrities, and a young contestant from the reality show Top Chef is making the most of his time in the spotlight.
What kind of high-octane are you using in your crystal ball these days, Swami?
“We are going to choose participants who are already on ART [anti-retroviral treatment] and are stable on ART. And we will randomize them to either continue on their normal treatment, which is the pill that they’ve been taking, or to switch them to this injectable. The injection is on the buttock,” he expressed.
Zimbabwe's first lady has urged 93-year-old President Robert Mugabe to name his choice for a successor.
For in truth neither Marie Leroux, widow of Jacques Constantin, nor her accomplice, Claude Perregaud, was of sufficient importance to find a place on any list of great criminals, although it is certain that they were guilty of the crimes with which they were charged.
The paintings of Jorge A. Yances evoke a mysterious interplay between past and present, reality and fantasy, a style called magical realism.
When Japanese Emperor Akihito abdicates in one month's time, it will usher in a new era. The new era will be ushered in when Crown Prince Naruhito ascends to the Chrysanthemum Throne on May 1.
Don't be disgraced like the young Romans, who lost the Empire of their forefathers by being wishy-washy slackers without any go or patriotism in them.
It was a woman, Sylvia Robinson, who produced the first commercially successful rap track.
Why does math seem to come easily to some folks and baffle others? Studies at Cornell University have shown that some people would rather write a long essay, for instance, than be put on the spot to come up with the correct answer to a math problem. They'd even prefer to make a speech than to go to the blackboard and add and subtract numbers in front of others. Children who've done it and come up with wrong answers often enough can develop a lifetime phobia for math.
"In an era when exasperated voters seek mould-breaking politicians, he is the best candidate to present the Conservatives as a force for change," argued Fraser Nelson.
Tom scored the game-winning touchdown.
Have you ever played ding-dong ditch?
But for the continent’s populist nationalists, including a group of national leaders in Central Europe, the election outcome has prompted dismay, and some foreboding.
Causes of GI bleeding include gastric ulcers, artery or vein (arteriovenous) malformations, diverticulosis, cancer or inflammatory bowel disease.
A new material might be strong enough to render even an armor-piercing bullet harmless.
West has previously been an outspoken supporter of Trump, even meeting with him in the Oval Office at the White House.
The 42-year old businessman and economist successfully steered the country away from bankruptcy for a symbolic monthly salary of 1 forint, less than one U.S. cent.
Two-time Olympian Mary Whipple won a silver medal in the “women's eight” rowing event at the 2004 Athens Games without lifting an oar.
A week ago, President Vladimir Putin said Russia would be prepared to increase natural gas exports to help Europe with an energy crunch that has triggered soaring prices.
Caretto lives in St. Bernard Parish, a collection of small communities sandwiched between swamps, the Mississippi River and lakes that lead to the Gulf of Mexico.
In a sumptuous conference area at the Ford Foundation headquarters in New York, foundation president Darren Walker told an animated crowd—policymakers and corporate executives as well as NGO representatives and colorfully dressed indigenous leaders from around the world—about his commitment to bring these disparate groups together to save the planet.
Now in his late 60s, one of American agriculture's notable contrarians is more rumpled and thicker in the waist than he was as a Kansas farmboy, coasting through what he calls one of the most misspent youths in the history of the planet.
Egyptian economists are fretting, as the global economic crisis bites, hitting vital sources of government revenue, like tariffs from Suez Canal traffic.
The Federal Communications Commission says a 2003 broadcast of a police drama, NYPD Blue, that showed multiple close-up views of a woman's nude buttocks was indecent because it depicted a sexual organ on a broadcast before 10:00 p.m.
U.S. President Barack Obama has again used a major Asia trip to nudge Burma's government toward more rapid reforms.
The December vote was marred by disorganization at many polling stations, including missing voter rolls and malfunctioning electronic voting machines that pushed the vote well into nighttime hours, forcing election officials to conduct their activities by flashlight.
She also said, “Any mother would rather have a line of the worst scribble from her son or daughter than any fancy greeting card.”
The head of Human Rights Watch, the New York based rights group, is warning the global rise of populism will likely erode human rights and democratic values globally.
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez pledged Tuesday to beat the latest surge in COVID-19 cases that has hit the nation, and he urged the Spanish people to remain “alert but serene” as the country works to flatten the increase.
James Franco stars as a young outdoorsman who makes an unthinkable decision when his arm is trapped by a boulder in a remote canyon.
A solitary man standing on the hilltop turned slowly from mountain to valley, from sky to field, seeming to eat and drink and breathe—to make a part of him by some paganish transubstantiation—the very day itself.
A recent contest in Angola, Indiana, consisted of a series of events to display skill of arms and horsemanship, such as spearing rings onto a lance or splitting a cabbage in half with a sword while riding at full speed.
Tom thinks everyone is out to get him.
Tom is an avid cross-country skier.
Tom took another swig of whiskey.
Scientists say the modified T cells, injected into the patients following standard chemotherapy, homed in on the cancerous B cells inside the bone marrow, each T lymphocyte killing thousands of tumor cells.
The phenomenon also prompted the Australian Reptile Park in Somersby, north of Sydney, to issue a warning Wednesday regarding funnel web spiders, considered one of the world’s deadliest, and indigenous to New South Wales State.
Tens of thousands of people in South Africa took part in protests Wednesday against so-called e-tolling on highways and to demand that labor brokers be outlawed.
The size and temperament of the fluffy orange-and-white dogs mesh with people’s apartment lifestyles in dense Taiwanese cities, the dog owners say.
The voice spoke to him, and its softness was the purl of a wave lapping at the shore.
The academy said he was chosen for his stunning proof of (French mathematician Pierre de) Fermat's Last Theorem by way of the modularity conjecture for semi-stable elliptic curves, opening a new era in number theory.
DeBakey also pioneered the clearing of blocked arteries to the brain to prevent strokes, the bypassing of clogged coronary arteries to prevent heart attacks, and the repair of aortic aneurysms.
The World Health Organization says the global epidemic of heart disease and stroke is now more prevalent in developing countries than in industrialized countries.
The Origins, Spectral Interpretation, Resource Identification, Security, Regolith Explorer (OSIRIS-REx) is scheduled to fire its thrusters for about seven minutes, taking it out of the asteroid’s orbit and setting it on a homeward course.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's wife Sara has admitted to the misuse of state funds and was ordered by a court to pay $15,000.
Crows seek out particular plant species, harvest a forked twig, and then, firmly holding it underfoot, carve, nibble and peel its tip, until it has a neat little hook.
He gave mostly one- and two-word answers, appeared to sulk and walked off the podium after only about three minutes.
Migrants, many from Haiti, wade across the Rio Grande from Del Rio, Texas, to return to Ciudad Acuna, some to avoid possible deportation from the U.S. and others to get supplies.
Lent is becoming popular with people in the formerly Communist country, and many restaurants are trying to cater to their taste.
When he catches one, he presses just the right part of the snail's foot to encourage it to secrete a neurotoxin directly onto a skein of cotton yarn.
At Western Marine’s shipyard on the edge of the Bay of Bengal, machines shriek and sparks fly as workers turn hulking pieces of metal into gigantic ships.
Google is making changes to the way it handles news content, in an apparent attempt to appease news providers who claim the Internet search giant is undermining their ability to charge subscribers.
The left frontal lobe plays a role in controlling mood and emotion.
More than two-thousand-four-hundred years ago, Hippocrates told his patients to ease pain by chewing the outer covering of the willow tree.
"Water scarcity is a major threat to economic growth and stability around the world," according to World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, "and climate change is making the problem worse."
Avoid exposure to direct sunlight.
Exposure to these chemicals can increase your risk of developing cancer.
Have you seen my highlighter?
Can I borrow your highlighter?
The U.N. Population Fund called on nations Wednesday to respect bodily autonomy as a universal right, saying too many women and girls are denied this basic power over their own bodies.
Chimpanzees and bonobos share almost ninety-nine percent of our DNA or deoxyribonucleic acid.
The registered dietitian says she's noticed that her clients now want to do more than just shed a few pounds.
JBS Foods, the world’s largest meat supplier, has been forced to shut down operations in Australia and North America Monday, as the company has been a target of a cyberattack over the weekend, according to officials at its headquarters in Brazil.
In the centre of the room, clamped to an upright easel, stood the full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty, and in front of it, some little distance away, was sitting the artist himself, Basil Hallward, whose sudden disappearance some years ago caused, at the time, such public excitement, and gave rise to so many strange conjectures.
U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Tuesday the United States wants to rebuild its partnerships, “first and foremost with our NATO allies,” as he expressed the Biden administration’s “steadfast commitment” to the alliance.
The pomegranate is also a symbol of health, fertility, and long life.
China has ushered in the Year of the Rabbit with firework extravaganzas - an age-old custom to ward off evil spirits and beckon good fortune - and family gatherings.
Dome structures like the Pantheon in Rome have survived for centuries, while other buildings around them have crumbled.
NASA officials concluded the debris was likely a plastic separator, or shim, from the shuttle's ceramic tile heat shield.
French President Emmanuel Macron laid a wreath Thursday at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in Paris to commemorate Armistice Day, while visiting U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris observed the ceremony at the Arc de Triomphe.
At the beginning of a new year, some people like to start with a clean slate.
The film depicts a China that's strong but benevolent — ready to fight but doing so in the name of justice and peace.
Under U.S. law, all top government officials are required to file annual financial disclosure documents with the agency.
She plans to launch an agribusiness once she is done with her studies.
At the break of dawn, residents of the Harare suburb of Hopley collect water in an unexpected and taboo place — the graveyard.
Tuesday is World Health Day, which is being commemorated as the world faces one of the biggest international health threats of the past century.
Zandile Christmas Mafe, 49, was in court Tuesday to face several charges in connection with the South African Parliament fire, including arson, breaking and entering, and theft.
Smoke from forest fires becomes so dense that airline flights must detour and residents across the region suffer respiratory illnesses.
At a televised press conference Thursday, government authorities attributed the spike to an influx of returnees from South Africa and also a laxity in observing preventive measures imposed in May during the first wave of the coronavirus cases.
What's the upshot?
He was wearing his usual uniform of safari-style khakis, a pith helmet on his head and a holstered spade hanging from his belt.
It is most likely happening.
Try to blend in.
Try to keep a low profile.
Tom seemed out of his element.
I'm glad you put Tom in his place.
I guess I'll have to take your word for it.
We have established contact.
That's how it works, right?
Tom might get a new roommate.
We need your input.
Tom took a plea deal.
Diapers are expensive.
Tom was driving on the wrong side of the road.
By any measure, the president's first days in office have been a whirlwind featuring numerous executive orders on trade, healthcare, cutting government regulations and, most controversially, tightening immigration.
He could barely speak as he displayed more pictures of his sons Thursday — carefree, smiling and posing with stuffed toys.
Mr. Chirac said that by commemorating the abolition of slavery, France is also celebrating its diverse, yet united, ethnicities.
Crazy things happen sometimes.
Gone are the quaint days of milkmaids, milk stools and the pit-pat of a stream of milk into a tin pail in a bucolic barn setting.
He says trauma causes feelings of powerlessness and, as the conflict drags on, hopelessness which poses one of the biggest obstacles to recovery.
Nasyr Shansab, an Afghan of average build and amiable disposition, was working at his desk at his home in Kabul when three strangers burst in.
A new film by Spanish director Fernando Trueba titled "Calle 54" is getting rave reviews for its dynamic blending of jazz and Latin music.
But with an official camp recently opened specifically to accommodate them, some have chosen to remain in the bleak shelter.
Biden, as a former U.S. vice president and one-time member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, will probably uphold existing U.S.-China policy, said Liu Yih-jiun, public affairs professor at Fo Guang University in Taiwan.
While condemning Saturday’s deadly mass shooting at a Jewish synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, faith and civil rights leaders are urging a more respectful and less vitriolic national discourse to combat extremism, racism and hate crimes in America.
The overall mood was particularly cordial, much more cordial than the earlier meetings, which have been cordial enough, but this one was particularly cordial.
Ambassador John Berry told the 20th international AIDS Conference that the fight against the disease cannot be won by relegating segments of the population to the shadows.
What he didn't expect was blatant hatred and callous violence.
"The French president's suggestion that Amazon issues be discussed at the G-7 without participation by the countries in the region evoke a colonialist mentality that is out of place in the 21st century," Bolsonaro tweeted Thursday.
The moment the activity of an organization becomes divorced from all theory; from all rational synthesis of the period and the ways of thinking that mould it, the masses are quite right to abandon that organization.
Jones bettered the 100 meter breaststroke record Friday, with a time of one minute 5.71 seconds.
Some local authorities worry that further evacuations could deepen divisions and reinforce calls for a partition of the country.
Asian-American students outperform other racial or ethnic groups in math and science courses, according to a new study of 367 10th grade students in the Philadelphia area.
Recent studies indicate Canada’s decision to extend the interval between the first and second dose of COVID-19 vaccines can actually lead to increased resistance to the virus.
It’s no longer news that on April 20th, the catastrophic explosion of an offshore rig sent an undersea gusher of oil boiling to the surface of the Gulf of Mexico off Louisiana. Or that winds, tides and time have overwhelmed efforts to contain a slick the size of Cyprus, spreading globs of emulsified goo to the very edges of the tender marshes and bayous of Plaquemines Parish, and onto the barrier Chandeleur Islands.
But she always stayed aloof from public life.
This comes after the President chaired a cabinet meeting Monday, described as testy, with most ministers divided on what positions to allot to the opposition, as stipulated in the power sharing deal.
The demonstrators chant "long live democracy, long live freedom and down with fundamentalism."
Meanwhile in sunny California, Englishwoman Iris meets the character played by Jack Black.
The tails radiate from this asteroid like the spokes of a wheel, and dramatically change their structure every two weeks.
Their analysis led to a new understanding of the possible composition and size of the ringed planet’s core.
However, they have also identified a mutation of the gene that can in patients with, for example, diabetes, trigger the development of renal disease.
The sky was filled with sound, the roar of planes, some high pitched, some low, fighters and bombers.
The six-year-old company, which has offices in India and nine other nations, claims to have brought 100,000 Indian couples to the altar worldwide.
With nary a single Michelin star to its name, and an exterior facade befitting a local hardware store, Chef Ian Boden's "The Shack" is nonetheless packed with customers, some of whom drove hours to get there.
Almost 20 meters (about 60 feet) tall and more than 4 meters (14 feet) in diameter when fully assembled, the magnet is a crucial component in the attempt by 35 nations to master nuclear fusion.
We head to Kenya where trachoma, a preventable disease that can cause blindness, is prevalent.
The sister of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has issued an ominous military threat toward South Korea, vowing unspecified retaliation over South Korean activists who have floated anti-Pyongyang leaflets into the North.
The U.N. high commissioner for human rights has issued a warning about the misuse of surveillance technology in the wake of reports spyware was used to hack smartphones of human rights activists, business executives and journalists.
Suddenly anxious, he slashed a hurried X in one of the trees to mark his position then turned to follow a line of similar marks back through the jungle.
"It does very little good to sulk outside the tent in this case," he said.
The Himalayan nation between India and China is the second South Asian country, after Sri Lanka, to face a foreign exchange crunch.
The rover’s robotic arm carries several other instruments that will be helpful in revealing what secrets the rocks might hold. When scientists find a particularly interesting item, they can reach out and use the arm’s abrader to grind and flatten its surface, revealing its underlying structure and composition.
The couple's valiant efforts to appease and win over their extended relatives reveal larger questions of systemic oppression, identity, and gender that have been passed down to the present day over many generations.
My point still stands.
I really have to take this call.
Gorelick said that the outcomes of his work in Jordan may be used to evaluate water scarcity in other Middle Eastern countries, such as Syria.
A decades-old struggle for greater autonomy in the French island of Corsica is gaining new momentum, after Paris said it was open to discussions following the death of an imprisoned Corsican nationalist.
But there were not enough personnel, stationery or cameras to cope with the hastily arranged conference.
The world's 50,000 large dams are a known source of methane, which bubbles up from the organic matter in the sediment accumulating behind the barrier.
Earlier this year, the parts supplier announced it was putting many of its employees on a four-day work week and cutting their pay by 20-percent.
They include a bird-like dinosaur, dubbed the “chicken from Hell,” that was 3.5 meters from beak to tail and weighed as much as 300 kilograms; a spider that lives in the Moroccan desert and can use its gymnastic talents to cartwheel out of danger; a 23-centimeter-long walking stick common in Vietnam; and a colorful sea slug from the Japanese islands that is the missing link between slugs that feed on colonies of tiny stinging jellies and those specializing on corals.
Known for employing transgenders, Thuy Linh restaurant deploys its staff to the sidewalk to beckon customers from the street, a common practice among Vietnamese eateries.
Eyewitnesses saw protesters storm a nearby hotel, pilfering alcohol from its bar and setting the building on fire.
A crescendo of fireworks at just after midnight Thursday marked the start of the Lunar New Year, the Year of the Rat in the Chinese zodiac.
The so-called 'Arc of Instability' stretches from Papua New Guinea to Fiji, Vanuatu, and the Solomon Islands.
As required by federal law, I've signed the Certificate of Ascertainment for the slate of electors for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.
In a marked departure from previous reports, the IFRC does not delve into the numerous natural disasters that caused untold devastation last year.
Current electoral laws stipulate that a party or coalition of parties must win 25 percent of the popular vote or 20 percent of seats in the national parliament to nominate a presidential candidate.
Authorities say the fires are being set by students, and have warned that any student caught in an act of arson will be locked out of the education system.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon made a detour to Rwanda during a European trip this week.
Drug maker Moderna says it plans to ramp up production of its COVID-19 vaccine by 100 million more doses than what it originally forecast.
And that was without question a very large and ornate and costly mahogany bookcase with glass doors.
From a seaside perch overlooking the hustle and bustle of ships coming and going at Port Canaveral on Florida’s east coast, Dale Ketcham reflects on decades of history with nostalgia.
Experts say a fresh cyclone forming near the island nation of Mauritius could hamper rescue efforts and worsen damage in the region.
In an airplane, you touch the seat, food trays, arm rests and the door knob to the toilet.
At one station, water from the small stream is diverted into a large concrete flume where it is pumped into the testing station.
Tom made his opponent tap out.
I keep having this dream where I'm on a sinking ship, and I'm frantically using a bucket to try and bail out all the water that's flooding in.
After combing the beach for 2 hours with his metal detector, Tom had found the following: 6 bottle caps, 2 pop tabs from soda cans, an old belt buckle, and enough pocket change to buy a pack of gum.
After the accident, the driver's side doors were completely wedged shut, and firefighters had to use the jaws of life to extract the driver.
I must have missed that part.
You could see the film's twist ending coming from a mile away.
What's that? I can't hear you over the sound of my lawnmower!
A private trader in India has exported commercial goods to landlocked Uzbekistan for the first time through Pakistan and Taliban-governed Afghanistan in landmark trade activity linking the four countries.
They just have not had the courage to simply say, 'Let us outlaw it.'
Researchers at Duke University in North Carolina have developed a small pouch made of foil and plastic.
One of the things that we did at the University of Pittsburgh was we used the sports analogy, which, you know, is not something we came up with.
The stunning photos reveal a complex and varied terrain on the icy dwarf planet.
There is, however, a striking uniformity in all the records as to the simple faith and almost fatalistic conviction of Daniel Boone that he was called to be a pathfinder for the new nation in America.
Today, a record 109 puffin pairs waddle about peaceably on Eastern Egg Rock, living amid terns and laughing gulls, whose shrieks pierce the sky.
For the first time, and this is really unprecedented, we are seeing this very large outbreak in southeastern Australia, in the southeastern states of Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia and Victoria.
This story reminded Thomas Keller of his first cooking disaster, many years before he ever thought of owning his own restaurant. A good part of Keller’s success seems to lie in his willingness to maximize the learning that can come from a screw-up.
The 15-member Security Council heard repeated references to the linkage between poverty and conflict throughout the world.
Riyad Mahrez and "The Desert Foxes" of Algeria are hoping to hoist the Nations Cup trophy once again.
But for one “Hot Wheels” collector near Washington, DC, he’s turned a childhood passion into a grownup hobby he can share with others.
Britain’s prime minister, Boris Johnson, has likened the scientists who have developed coronavirus vaccines to the cavalry arriving just in the nick of time. “The toot of the bugle is louder,” he reassured Britons during a recent news conference.
According to the Academy's code of conduct, such consequences could entail "suspension of membership or expulsion from membership."
Lebanon, now ravaged by economic, political and health crises, must enact drastic reforms in order to survive, economists say.
It has been dubbed the summit of gloom.
He celebrated it by publishing in his magazine, "La Revue de Paris," an article in my honor, in which, after the usual reserves, and after declaring war upon my doctrines, he vowed my prose to be "fascinating," and complained of being so bewitched as to believe, at times, that he was converted to the cause of the throne and of the altar.
After a meeting of Republican senators with the president, Senator John Kennedy from the state of Louisiana reportedly said, “Nobody called anyone an ignorant slut.”
From the earliest times of which records exist it had been the practice to send out agents to the various ports to impress the shipwrights, caulkers, sawyers, and other workmen required for the construction and repair of ships of the Royal Navy.
The ripple effects from COVID-19 may substantially raise the death toll from HIV, tuberculosis and malaria, according to a new study.
Tom found a portal to the underworld.
But Franck Verzefé, a Cameroonian pharmacist, has developed a device that uses artificial intelligence to determine if a medicine is fake or the real thing.
At this conference Mrs. Ward introduces the reader to the leaders of this new movement, from the moderates to the violent radicals.
The Wind Power Center obtains most of its operating power from a wind turbine atop a 50-meter-tall tower in its windmill park. On good, windy days the turbine often produces more electricity than the center needs, so the excess is sold to the local power company. On days when the turbine is not producing enough power, the center draws electricity from the local grid.
But researchers at EPFL — the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne — say using rice starch instead of sugar with the rehydration salts could reduce bacterial toxicity by almost 75 percent.
People wearing face masks to prevent the spread of COVID-19 pray in John Paul II chapel in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican in the day of its reopening which coincided with John Paul II 100th anniversary of birth, May 18, 2020.
Terrorist group al-Shabab has claimed responsibility for a mortar attack on Somalia’s parliament Monday that injured at least six people during a joint session.
Typically, a president who expects to run for a second term in office also holds some fundraisers that benefit his own campaign organization, sometimes in concert with the national party committee.
The warm sun of a bright spring day, in the year of grace 1574, shone down on the beautiful city of Leyden, on its spacious squares and streets and its elegant mansions, its imposing churches, and on the smooth canals which meandered among them, fed by the waters of the sluggish Rhine.
He made his billions through a series of shrewd investments in the mining sector and was helped by South Africa’s post-apartheid business policies that encouraged black-owned business.
An electric “aero-ambulance” that is estimated to be faster, safer and quieter than a helicopter has been developed by researchers in Australia.
Like many of today’s billionaires, Maharajas of old Colonial India liked to show off their wealth — by buying extravagant cars.
Intersex people have reproductive organs, genitals, and hormones that do not fit the usual female and male characteristics.
Computer-monitor images complete with accompanying audios came alive on a television screen at the touch of a mouse, the printed word unfolded into exciting graphics, and colorful menus invited students to select deeper explorations of environmental topics.
He created an iconic, angular style of dance that incorporated pantomime techniques, lightning-fast changes, and his signature "moonwalk."
Once commonplace, abuses by state security forces against civilians in Burkina Faso, Mali and Niger have dropped sharply in the previous year, according to rights groups.
On his flaming wok, a chef in a Bangkok hotel is adding an unusual ingredient to several dishes that will be set out on the buffet.
More than 24 hours of continuous heavy snow, combined with below-freezing temperatures and gale-force winds shut down almost all transportation and commerce and forced most people to stay in their homes.
Inside the Brazilian American Cultural Institute in Washington, voices babble in American accented Portuguese as students from a variety of backgrounds gather to study Brazilian Portuguese.
With rising demand for nutrient-rich pomegranate juice in wealthy nations, U.S. and Afghan officials are trying to connect foreign businesses with local growers.
The party got shut down by the cops.
Do you have any other names you go by?
Do you go by any other names?
I know you'll never love me.
I mean nothing to you.
We'll never be together.
I can't bear the thought of being without you.
I can't forgive myself.
I'm still in pain.
I made this mixtape for you.
Tom tried to win Mary back several times.
Tom ran into a parked car.
Mary stopped texting Tom back.
Tom liked his own post.
Tom drove straight off the cliff.
The airbags deployed.
Call me if you're able to come.
I want to get my security deposit back.
We've got to clean the place thoroughly.
This place needs to be spotless.
I got a cavity filled.
I got a root canal.
I felt like I was going to throw up.
I felt like I was going to puke.
I felt like I was going to vomit.
We're sorry. This content is currently unavailable in your region.
Tom can dunk.
Tom has been working on his three-pointers.
Do you need to be tall to be good at basketball?
This font is hard to read.
It's a one-way ticket. I don't know when I'll be back.
Fate tore us apart.
The yard was littered with car parts.
All the windows were boarded up.
Check your spam folder.
Can we talk about something less depressing?
The call went straight to voicemail.
What are we paying Tom for, anyway?
The West African yam is receiving some long over-due attention in what has been termed one of the most ambitious efforts ever to improve the lives of farmers in the region.
The rain is picking up.
The rain started picking up.
Because if you didn’t fit that mould, there was no way for you to express your difference.
U.N. human rights officials are expressing deep dismay at Mali’s decision Wednesday to permanently suspend Radio France International and France 24 from operating there.
The moorhens formerly disappeared from London in winter; they are now residents throughout the year in a few of the parks where there is shelter, and during severe frosts they feed at the same table with the ornamental water-fowl.
The United Nations calls 2007 a wretched year for millions of disaster victims.
From Los Angeles to London, Beijing to Berlin, countries are seeing a supply crunch rarely experienced outside wartime.
These lowlife trolls tweeted and spread the very same poster that they find objectionable.
Researchers are discovering clues at the cellular level that indicate human regeneration of lost body parts could be possible someday.
All of today’s nuclear power plants make energy by the splitting of uranium atoms — which creates a lot of useful heat but also a lot of dangerous and deadly nuclear waste. The opposite process — fusion — also creates heat but with hardly any pesky radiation. The problem is that fusion is way more difficult to achieve. Scientists from 35 nations, including the United States, Russia and China, are painstakingly trying to solve the problem.
Tom came in second place at the hot dog eating contest.
The countries have competing claims to villages and towns along the porous, undefined border.
They put out a lot of content.
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood.
Bookmark this page.
Stepping out of the donut shop and into the parking lot, Tom noticed that a flyer had been left on his car.
I don't want to do anything illegal.
Are you picking up what I'm putting down?
I mean starting my tailoring business in January was a major leap for me and then we're struck with the fuel scarcity, no power supply.
All the documents in these folders need to be shredded.
As the earth’s climate changes, one tool for understanding its environmental impacts is the study of past climate changes, revealed by layers of sediment scientists take from the sea floor.
If any of this information gets out to the public, we're toast.
Remember, this is top secret.
Apple's “supplier code of conduct” specifies that all workers in Apple’s supply chain “deserve a fair and ethical workplace.”
In downtown Los Angeles, shops with open fronts and their merchandise on the sidewalk beckon customers, as salesmen try to lure them with promises of bargains.
Our victory must herald a new and better future for our children.
Tom's debilitating health condition left him all but completely bedridden.
In a sign of how continuity transcends political divisions, Earnest says President Obama and his team at the White House benefited tremendously from the effectiveness of that transition.
Tom is my parole officer.
Nothing that I have seen so far inclines me to change my mind in the slightest.
Cut along the dotted line.
Once in effect, those convicted of violating the so-called anti-leaflet law face fines of up to 30-million won (roughly $27-thousand) as well as up to three years in prison.
Tom stepped on the gas instead of the brake.
They have pointed out that what is left of the hull and other key structural details are almost exactly those recorded for the Endeavour.
In fact, it is even possible for a patient’s response to a drug product to vary based on changes in the physical attributes of the drug, referred to as the placebo or nocebo effects.
The police have been cracking down on jaywalking in the area.
Stop ganging up on me.
Tom has sunk thousands into the project.
Beauty fades with time.
Tom is polite to a fault.
I'll let it slide this time.
He's looking to form consortiums and alliances with the private sector, with the universities.
Generation Z, the cohort of Americans born roughly between 1990 and the early 2010s, are the most diverse generation in U.S. history, and right now, they do not see that reflected in the makeup of political leadership, at either the local or federal level.
They published the first study linking airborne plastic fragments and fibers to climate change Wednesday.
The round thing lying yonder with a bullet hole in it was my canteen, but there might be a smidgen of water left in the bottom, enough to keep my alive, if I could get to it.
The Taliban's return to power in Afghanistan in August following a chaotic U.S. withdrawal has led to "unprecedented" suffering among Afghans, a new survey finds.
Readers see a teenager rollerblading in the streets of Dakar, a DJ playing music in Lagos, a couple looking at the Atlantic Ocean in Cape Town.
A Parliamentary Minister is a man trained by elaborate practice not to blurt out crude things, and an English Parliament is an assembly which particularly dislikes anything gauche or anything imprudent.
Sumo, traditional Japanese wrestling, is attracting fans and participants in the United States.
Carlsbad Caverns National Park contains more than 100 caves below the surface of the desert.
We seem to be transported, as in a dream, to the vines, and orange-groves, and cloudless skies of Greece, and the wearied spirit abandons itself for a while to the soft influences of the azure heaven, the countless luxuriance of roses, the undulating forms of the fair girls dancing in the shade, while youthful attendants brim the beaker with wine.
The picture, so to speak, contains many figures, but all concur in a common action, and the spectator grasps, at the first glance, the harmony of the composition.
A herd of seven elephants impresses visitors, but there are 30 species here, from lions to South American rodents called capybaras, which are found along river banks.
Analysts say the volatile situation will complicate efforts to address the deepening economic crisis that has triggered the largest-ever civil society protests in the country.
Studies are underway to better understand how acrylamide forms in some overcooked foods and how consumers may be affected by home cooking practices.
The Wayfarers Chapel on the California coast is often called the "glass church."
Only in the middle there trickles still a tiny stream of thick, black water, in which the little palegreen leaves of the duck-weed lazily drift along.
The hero of the poem was the leader of a notorious band of robbers which infested the metropolis, and was probably alive at the time of its publication.
The chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change does not mince words.
I was told an anecdote about Cornell when I first came here.
Leave them be.
If you get into any form of public transport and there are men around, they feel free to grope you, rub against you.
Mara Phone says its device is the first high specification, affordable smartphone made in Africa to compete in a market dominated by South Korean and Chinese brands.
Robots are becoming commonplace in many areas of society — from manufacturing to medicine to our homes. Now, a robot has taken to the stage, in a British play called "Spillikin." A humanoid robot plays the male companion of a woman with Alzheimer’s disease.
In the West, the name Genghis Khan evokes the image of the Mongols' ruthless conquest of much of the known world in the 13th century.
It doesn't take long for one of Don Hervig's two Harris's hawks to snare a squirrel.
In the excitement, people would fall and roll on the floor and speak in what seemed an unintelligible babble.
Kelly, 64, began using reclaimed wood from old hotels, bars, churches and other buildings about 10 years ago when film director Jim Jarmusch offered him wood from his loft ceiling.
He finds himself playing the kind of unkempt characters he jokingly calls "prairie scum."
There was no riding horses bare-chested or allegedly saving a television crew by shooting a tranquilizer dart at a wild tiger which obligingly appeared from out of nowhere in the woods.
Sierra Leone hopes to become Africa's biggest exporter of iron ore with the opening of a new mine in the central Tonkolili district.
In a cruel twist of fate, the same gene that enables a tomato to ripen evenly also robs it of sweetness, according to new research published in the journal Science.
A hand-made pictorial Cambodian silk ikat that uses all-natural silk and dyes takes nearly a year to produce and can sell for thousands of dollars.
According to the scientific report, published in the online journal Biofabrication, the printed skin has all the essential parts of the natural skin, such as the dermis (the layer of tissue that contains capillaries, nerve endings and other structures), the epidermis (the layer of cells atop the dermis), the stratum corneum (the horny outer layer), and even the collagen, which gives skin its elasticity and mechanical strength.
Burkina Faso’s reelected President Roch Kabore has appointed a minister for national reconciliation as part of a vow to end the country’s ethnic and political conflicts that are fueling terrorism.
One was the gray goose, who afterward became very friendly, and the other, a white gander from the farm on the opposite side of the road.
The scientists envision that one day, soldiers could carry a small injector device with freeze-dried platelets that could be used to control bleeding until medical help arrived.
Manufacturers are trying to dazzle prospective buyers with electric propulsion, better performance, comfort, style and better mileage.
Some analysts lament what they see as a muting of international criticism of the media crackdowns, arguing that Western governments seem willing to turn a blind eye to the excesses of authoritarian rulers in the interest of stability in the region.
The International Criminal Court has sworn in a top international defense lawyer as its new prosecutor.
Reef habitats have already shrunk an estimated 30% to 50% since the 1980s, and experts say they could vanish almost completely in the next 20 years.
We're experiencing a high volume of calls.
We're currently experiencing a high volume of calls.
Tom was wearing bell-bottoms in the old photo.
I found an old pair of bell bottom jeans in the attic.
Hyssop, Rosemary, and Sage are natives of the south of Europe, and the two first appreciate a light, sandy soil, and not too much sun.
Tidal waves and coastal erosion have submerged an entire fishing community on Ghana's eastern coast.
The dagger-like fangs of the extinct saber toothed cat suggest that it was an ambush hunter.
Sculptures made of sand are transient, here today and gone tomorrow, subject to the whims of wind and waves.
She continues to work as a journalist and fight for independent media and explains the difference between working in Ethiopia versus now here in the United States.
He called it a “gesture of the heart” because the United States and the Western world had responded so magnanimously when Sri Lanka was devastated by last December’s tsunami.
And the government faces a monumental task of rebooting an economy crippled by two months of confinement.
That often leaves kids who live in abject poverty with no option but to go around barefoot.
Like photons from a light source, electric motors wastefully radiate magnetic energy in all directions.
The account given on page 25 of the Confessio Amantis shows that Mr. Gosse is very imperfectly acquainted with what he so fluently criticises, or he would have been aware that the seventh book is purely episodical and has nothing whatever to do with "The lover's symptoms and experience."
Two 15 million-year-old flowers trapped in amber turn out to be a “completely new” species.
The census is conducted once in a decade and is used to allot seats in the U.S. House of Representatives and distribute some $800 billion in federal funds.
Also, this shall be my sleeping-place, and this a great room where I will practise powerful magics.
The article that David Borgenicht was reading told people how they might safely land a small plane if the pilot passes out. It got him thinking about other hair-raising situations in movies and TV shows. Of course it’s one thing for an action hero to leap from a moving motorcycle into a car or fend off a killer shark. But how would ordinary, out-of-shape readers do it? How would they wrestle free from an alligator, for example, or survive if their parachutes do not open, or escape from a mountain lion?
A large fire broke out Saturday at Lhasa’s Jokhang monastery, one of the most sacred sites for Tibetan Buddhism.
It was probably a noisy world, with thousands of other animal sounds, rushing streams and the rustle of giant ferns and coniferous trees.
Researchers in New Zealand have developed new technology that could make bridges more resilient to earthquakes.
The ministers said they have started to consider how to unwind economic stimulus measures once a recovery is certain and asked the International Monetary Fund to study possible strategies.
The company said the video was meant to celebrate diversity — the caption called it a “beautiful confluence of two different religions, traditions and cultures.”
Another team designed a rope-and-pulley system to transport goods up a hill from a small village factory in India to a road.
Tom thought that nobody would miss him.
This stretch of road is very dangerous.
Tom's financial situation worsened.
Tom wanted to go out in a blaze of glory.
In the premiere of the 10-episode show, Steenkamp shows herself as a woman who is determined, adventurous, thoughtful and considerate of other contestants — but also, a bit cheeky.
A French woman of African origin is leading a campaign to encourage more members of France's African diaspora to register as bone marrow donors to potentially save lives.
An Iranian state TV network’s unusual decision to censor the crest of Italian football club AS Roma has helped the club attract a big following of Iranian fans to its new Persian Twitter account.
It was, after all, America’s third mission aimed at landing on the desolate orb, a feat accomplished nine months before during the much-celebrated Apollo 11 mission.
Locusts are threatening to inflict more pain on some of the most drought-ravaged parts of eastern Australia.
"The business is very expensive," she told VOA one recent morning, as she churned a large pot of maize porridge, stopping to wipe sweat off her brow.
The Constitution gives each house of Congress the ability to punish its members for disorderly behavior or criminal misconduct through a reprimand, censure or expulsion.
The price of jet fuel is one reason aviation technology research is so often focused on making planes lighter and more efficient.
Indonesian president Joko "Jokowi" Widodo has instructed ministers to keep fuel prices stable over the next two years, said Energy Minister Ignasius Jonan, which would, in effect, continue a controversial fuel subsidy scheme that analysts say has negatively impacted growth and the environment.
German pianist Davide Martello has visited numerous conflict zones in recent years, towing a grand piano behind his bicycle on a powered trailer, a white "peace" sign painted on its lid.
As online shopping posts brisk growth in India, investors are pouring billions of dollars into e-commerce companies.
U.S. stocks opened sharply lower Thursday as global investors fret over the coronavirus outbreak and its economic fallout.
More so than capitalism or democracy, it is consumerism that won the ideological wars of the 20th century.
Viewed as Science, Civics is that branch of Sociology which deals with Cities—their origin and distribution; their development and structure; their functioning, internal and external, material and psychological; their evolution, individual and associated.
The president and first lady arrived at the World War II Memorial and participated in the laying of a wreath.
Most marriages in Zimbabwe are customary rather than legal unions that, if ended by divorce or death, leave the women empty handed.
The neutrino's ability to travel without deviation from its course means its source can be accurately tracked, unlike other types of subatomic particles that can be dragged off course by a magnetic field like the Earth's.
Protests begin to subside as concerns grow about the coronavirus spread.
“The existing ban, including denial of reporters’ requests to speak directly to troops at their deployed locations and to embed with units, is contrary to the basic principle of press freedom,” the association’s board wrote.
None of the people interviewed knew Tom personally.
Tom dropped out of college to start his own business.
Tom was only twenty-five when he made his first million.
Can this be written off as a business expense?
Tom is a traitor to his country.
What happened next defied all odds.
Tom is a single-issue voter.
Sales have been up lately.
I can find it cheaper online.
This model retails for $550.
I'll cut you a deal.
Scientists created a natural pacemaker in experiments with pigs with a malfunctioning sinoatrial node, which regulates heartbeat.
It is young people who, since the coup, have been most vociferous in trying to take down the regime despite nighttime raids, unlawful arrests, and being chased down or beaten up in the streets.
Last week, South Korea’s Unification Ministry revoked the NGO licenses of two of the most prominent leaflet campaign groups, complicating their ability to raise money.
He quickly went from being a ball boy to a caddy, and then from playing golf to becoming a champion of Cameroon and West Africa.
The Hong Kong government has invoked emergency powers to fight unprecedented COVID-19 caseloads as other parts of the world see declines in transmission.
He shares the most vile things on Facebook.
He was such a little geezer when I went away, and now he talks like a man.
Although opposed to the Linnaean system Hill recognised its value as a means of evolving order out of chaos, and to him falls the credit of introducing it into England.
To the trained astronomer, and the contemplative poet, the mighty firmament overwhelms the mind with the sense of human inability to grasp the vast.
These weapons are designed for use in open battlefields and have devastating consequences when used in populated areas.
The ICRC’s director for the Near and Middle East region, Fabrizio Carboni, just returned from a mission to Yemen and does not mince his words.
Then he told an anecdote which wasn't quite picked up by the microphones.
Kenya’s first private school for pregnant teenagers, teen mothers and their babies, opened its doors earlier this month.
Dom Flemons is a multi-instrumentalist, he plays banjo, guitar, harmonica, fife, bones, bass drum, snare drum and quills, in addition to singing.
Sunlight slants into the first-story loft where they prepare signs for future battles.
As a small group of American and visiting Mongolian scientists enjoy the panorama, one spots a palm-sized creature hopping between two clumps of prairie grass, and pounces on it with a triumphant cry of "Horny toad!"
Astronomers say that the comet, which made its closest approach to the Sun, or perihelion, on January 30, 2015, was also one of the most dazzling and active comets to pass us since comet Hale-Bopp in 1997.
Analysts say the bomb was disguised as a printer toner cartridge and was detected only because of an intelligence tip.
A great artist can dazzle us with images that are, when deconstructed, nothing more than brush strokes applied over a taut piece of canvas.
Ghana has started building seawalls at key points along its shore to stop coastal erosion and protect beaches, communities and historic buildings.
Goblins are real.
Mary's baby is ugly.
I'm not singling you out.
The energy crisis buffeting the continent has placed Johnson and other European leaders in the difficult position of decrying fossil fuels while urgently prioritizing affordable access to them to avoid a political backlash by voters and businesses furious at the spiking costs of heating homes and running factories.
"Without a political strategy, there is only a military victory which can and will only be transient," Iraq's former vice president Ayad Allawi told VOA.
She found what she called a “small but significant” difference in reading text from screen versus paper.
Cuchi adds people who are medically fragile must be urgently evacuated to a facility where they can continue the treatment that was interrupted during their flight.
Botswana's government has lost a bid to overturn a 2019 court ruling that decriminalized same-sex relations.
Numerous amputee and paraplegic veterans powered around the course solely on the strength of their arms and abs, riding a contraption aptly called a “sit-ski.”
The U.S. government said Thursday it will begin offering up to $10 million for information to identify or locate malicious cyber actors working on behalf of a foreign government that are trying to cripple the internet operations of American businesses and infrastructure.
A plane carrying more than 9 tons of gold and other precious metals spilled nearly 200 bars onto the runway and on a nearby car market when its cargo hatch failed after it took off at an airport in the city of Yakutsk.
Workers examine new machinery in use at the pioneering mega-farm at Boukanga Lonzo park in Democratic Republic of Congo, Aug 8, 2015.
MLC Insurance found Friday that Smith had a “total and permanent disablement” because of the concussions suffered during his athletic career.
The move comes after the U.S.-based Museum of the Bible, which holds some of the world’s most revered collections of religious manuscripts, agreed last week to return a rare 10th century gospel book to the Monastery of Theotokos Eikosiphinisa in northern Greece.
In Ahamed Mugisa’s drying shed outside Kikoboza, in the lush fields of Western Uganda, rows of brown, crinkled tobacco leaves whisper and rustle as he makes room for a fresh crop.
On Saturday, World Cities Day, U.N. agencies urged governments to make cities more resilient and better able to bounce back from the adverse impact of COVID-19-induced health, environmental and other disasters.
A common complaint for busy, stressed out people is not being able to find the time and place to unwind.
You second-guessed yourself.
Many people who typed “google.com.vn” into their browsers Monday found themselves looking not at the Google homepage, but at the photo of a stranger with the caption, “Hacked by Lizard Squad.”
Those gorilla gals are always acting cheeky!
Bone marrow transplants have become routine in the West for blood cancers, such as leukemia, and similar diseases.
Scientists recommend further research on ways to keep enset trees healthy and on finding improved technologies to make it easier to extract the pulp, grate the corm, and chop the fiber in the fermented kocho.
"The current recommendations are for 30 minutes or more of moderate aerobic activity, such as brisk walking on most, preferably all days of the week," said Mihaela Tanasescu.
A small pig which last year brought 400 florins, now brings 2,000 florins on the free market.
Aside from giving elephants and lions more room to roam, it could help speed the recovery of the sable and roan antelope, two severely endangered species that have nearly disappeared from Kruger.
After his first week home, Francis (2nd from right) could finally join his roommates for the living room games that kept them sane while they were quarantined with coronavirus symptoms and he was in the hospital.
Kosovo Prime Minister Albin Kurti pledges to abolish the 100% tariffs on Serbian imports, an impediment in normalization efforts between the two countries since 2018.
A skating rink has been forced to close following public uproar over a decision to embed dead fish into the ice.
While the conscience of the scientist insists that he continually recheck the truth of this law, it remains a bulwark of science.
Health experts explain that schizophrenic patients may hallucinate, speak audibly to themselves, have exaggerated feelings of self importance or act violently.
Back in the Phuthaditjaba Tavern, couples grope in corners, while Bob Marley serenades the darkness.
Last week’s private meeting between Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan generated a media frenzy, but no clear-cut answers.
As more and more documents began to clog its servers, Wikileaks abandoned it's all-access-posting rule in favor of requesting submissions from leakers.
Scores of villagers watch and shout as over a hundred elephants trample millet farms in the suburbs of Cameroon’s northern town of Kaele.
Goldman Sachs, the American financial powerhouse, is trying to factor into its investment decisions and counsel all possible Omicron outcomes — from a worst-case scenario of greater virulence and vaccine-evasion to the nice surprise that the vaccines remain efficacious, and Omicron turns out to be more benign than its forerunner.
The company issued a statement early Wednesday, a day after it began the so-called "static kill" operation.
The secretary of state said the latest allocation brings the total humanitarian aid to the Rohingya refugee crisis to nearly $1.9 billion since August 2017.
At least that is the premise of a global gathering of scientists, government representatives and innovators in Senegal this week.
Some of these cellular modifications also include changes to the membranes that envelop the microbe and protect it from its hostile environment.
Scientists say that a woodpecker’s brain is able to withstand g-forces of 1,200 G’s from the repeated impacts and deceleration brought on by this rapid pecking.
Silk curtains, mirrors that reached to the ceiling, beautiful carpets, attractive pictures in gilt frames—all was new and dazzling to the unsophisticated mountain youth.
Aboriginal groups have criticized a new law intended to protect cultural heritage in Western Australia.
It is the instability of Nitric Acid therefore—its proneness to part with Oxygen—which renders it superior to the Sulphuric and to most acids in dissolving Silver and various other substances, both organic and inorganic.
In fulfilling the duties thus devolving upon him, he exhibited boundless zeal and singular mental vigor, as also ingenious resource in adapting his science to purposes of painting and sculpture.
So I, Roger Canby, bookworm, pedagogue and student of philosophy, now recite the history of the Great Experiment and what came of it.
To learn his lesson, he gets trapped in time and has to relive the same Groundhog Day over and over and over.
A United Nations report released Monday said the world is failing to insure that by 2030 all children are receiving an “inclusive and equitable quality education and lifelong learning opportunities.”
Since the "trucker" protests began in Canada several weeks ago, attempts to emulate them have sprung up in other countries, though none have caused anything close to the disruption in Canada and in some U.S. cities along the two countries' vast common border.
But an initiative by USAID is ensuring that youth who don't complete secondary school are trained in a vocation.
Providing some stability amid a high rate of turnover of key personnel, the White House chief of staff has agreed to stick around for at least a couple of more years.
There was a breathlessness, an apprehension, a realization that something was wrong, and a sense that things more catastrophic were gestating in the womb of the future.
The answer was uttered in the lowest of low tones, but I had no difficulty in catching the gist of what he said.
Mister Mindon always ate simple meals, because he had problems with his stomach.
The fires are out, millions of dollars are being pledged, and the political will is there to begin restoring Notre Dame.
With deliberate malice I loaded a prolix narrative with every triviality that a fairly retentive memory could rake out of the half-forgotten past.
Scientists at Swansea University are investigating the possibility that maggot secretions may have some potent bug-fighting abilities.
A gritty story of redemption and hope in a ramshackle urban township is the South African entry for this year's Academy Awards and one of the five finalists for Best Foreign Language Film.
While travelers cannot globe-trot as they did three months ago, studies show that many still dream of escaping their homes — albeit for nearer destinations.
NASA embarks on an epic summer road trip tens of millions of miles away.
Data about the coronavirus found in sewage can warn of an outbreak up to seven days before clinical testing shows signs of a spike, say wastewater epidemiologists.
Now, plans are in the works to create a new service that breeders can use to check their bees' mettle against this parasitic mite.
The junk food trend has certainly come to Vietnam already, but now there’s an even newer trend in the country, and it’s the definition of irony: more Vietnamese citizens are looking for food products that are healthful — only to end up with products that are anything but that.
When the moon is bright, and the tide is right, schools of small fish eager to spawn are propelled ashore by the surf to turn southern California’s beaches into a breeding ground during the spring and early summer.
An American skydiver has survived a 7,600-meter jump from an airplane, although he did not use a parachute.
As entertainment giants like Netflix and Amazon Prime woo Indian audiences, they are investing millions of dollars in making films and serials locally.
Below the behemoth of the grey building that is the headquarters of the South African Broadcasting Corporation is a home that’s stuck in a time warp.
According to the World Wide Fund for Nature, scientists say a warbler found to have been hiding in plain sight around the Cambodian capital is among the new species documented.
In experiments in which Sorensen was blindfolded and wore earplugs, he was able to detect how strongly he was grasping the different objects he picked up, as well as their shape and smoothness.
The eggs differ from those of the Blackcap and Garden Warbler in being white, spotted, chiefly at the larger end, with ash-grey.
“The odds that the few of us who study Florida reptiles have found all of the Nile crocs out there is probably unlikely,” according to Kenneth Krysko, herpetology collections manager at the Florida Museum of Natural History on the UF campus.
It will be obvious that to bring this evil, with effect, to the bar of public opinion, we must probe it to the very core, and fearlessly unveil and drag into the light its indecent mysteries.
Chief political reporter Ben Agina of Kenya’s Standard newspaper says that the main concern still to be worked out is achieving a portfolio balance.
Even so, she says broaching thorny sexual topics in a region as culturally diverse as south Florida is no easy task.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed off on a new “information security doctrine,” replacing the one he issued in 2000, during the first year of his rule.
It was one of the closest near-misses between Earth and an object of this size ever recorded. In fact, scientists say the path of the asteroid brought it within 125,000 kilometers of Earth, less than a third of the distance to the moon.
The small Southeast Asian nation Laos has for the first time held the Southeast Asian Games, gaining prestige and an economic boost.
Coal-fired power plants are a leading contributor to climate change around the world.
The accordion is a boxlike instrument, a squeezable bellows with a keyboard.
An aquatic robot, small and nimble enough to fit inside the smallest of openings, is being tested in Japan ahead of being deployed into the damaged core of the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant.
A Philadelphia neighborhood lures addicts looking for the finest — and deadliest — dope to be found.
This aerial spraying will focus on areas in the central Somali region of Galmudug, Puntland in the northeast, and the self-declared republic of Somaliland, the minister said.
It is evident from what has been said, that before 500 A.D. literary chronology, even in the Sanskrit period, is almost entirely relative, priority or posteriority being determined by such criteria as development of style or thought, the mention of earlier authors by name, stray political references as to the Greeks or to some well-known dynasty, and allusions to astronomical facts which cannot have been known before a certain epoch.
The total number of cases is estimated at just under 2,000, but some public health experts, including Dr. Joanne Liu, president of Doctors Without Borders (MSF), say many cases are going unreported as patients resist hospitalization and isolation wards, preferring to entrust their care to family members instead.
However, Nyanzi’s release from prison Thursday was marked by commotion and firing of live ammunition by prison officials before she was taken back to prison.
Born in Sydney, he is known as the ‘godfather of coral’ because he has discovered so many different species.
But some entrepreneurs, such as edamame farmer Hou Chau-pai are finding ways to carve out niche markets and thrive.
With the rise of the middle class in the 19th and early 20th centuries private individuals joined the nobility in a quest for ancient treasures.
"We found that physical activity has the potential to preserve the volume of the hippocampus in those with increased risk for Alzheimer's disease, which means we can possibly delay cognitive decline and the onset of dementia symptoms in these individuals," he said.
Catherine had been brought up in a school of feeling which bade love be very scrupulous, very delicate, and which recognised in the strongest way the right of every human soul to its own privacy, its own reserves.
As propositions may be true or false, so also opinion or judgment or conception, may be true or false: for opinion or judgment is only the concluding result of deliberation or reflection — and reflection is the silent dialogue of the mind with itself: while conception or phantasy is the coalescence or conjunction of opinion with present perception.
Five years ago the maverick, anti-establishment Movimento 5 Stelle, brain-child of the chaotic and shaggy-bearded stand-up comic Beppe Grillo, exploded on the Italian electoral scene, grabbing sufficient seats to force Italy’s established parties to form a ‘grand coalition’ government to shut out the political upstarts.
Mother and I would ride two streetcars to Shaker Heights, where my garrulous Uncle Robert, taciturn Aunt Edna, and irritable teenage cousin Bob would meet us in their Olds 88.
Because of the three node nesting, no single computer in the Tor network knows either the ultimate source or destination of the traffic, or even the other computer’s encryption keys, shielding users identities.
March 17 is St. Patrick’s Day, and for millions of Americans of Irish descent, and others in search of a good time, that means a razzle-dazzle parade up New York’s Fifth Avenue.
In the vast Sunderbans delta that spans eastern India and Bangladesh, coastal erosion due to rising sea levels has been slowly carving away chunks of its low-lying islands, forcing thousands of people to relocate, according to climate experts.
Also on the program, our African football analyst looks at Friday's Egypt versus Senegal World Cup qualifier, a rematch of last month's Africa Cup of Nations final in Cameroon.
Chemist Charles Cantrell analyzed properties of the smoke and identified a number of active compounds that repel insects, including — for the first time, he says — triglycerides, a type of fat.
Some vegetable are easily affected by ethylene, including asparagus, broccoli, cabbage and cucumbers.
The 57-year-old artist and government critic made the announcement Wednesday on the social media site Instagram, posting a photo of himself holding up the document, with a simple caption reading "Today, I received a passport."
The dinosaur, now called Anzu wyliei, had a beak but no teeth, a long neck, a bony crest on the top of its head and razor-sharp claws.
If Democrats capture the White House and Senate, while retaining majority control of the House of Representatives, there is no constitutional impediment to following through on the idea.
Dwyer says that while the phenomenon is quite different from what we see flashing brightly in the sky during a thunderstorm, the two types of high-energy events can be produced by the same storms, but in different ways.
It has been the policy of the slaveholders to keep entirely out of sight their own numerical inferiority, and to speak and act as if their interests were those of the whole community.
On a recent Saturday morning in Manhattan's Morningside Heights neighborhood, Irene Zola - tall with a long mane of silver hair - stands on a busy Broadway sidewalk.
Mr. Hoffman also planted asparagus around a tree at its drip line, the area below the outer limit of the branches.
Academics are voicing alarm that creationist ideas are replacing those of evolution.
This is an old town which was so entirely destroyed by the Tartars in 1241-42 that it had to be refounded and recolonized, partly by the king Bela IV., inviting German settlers.
The study by the Australian National University's Centre for Aboriginal Economic Policy Research blames deep-seated racism and the lingering consequences of European colonization in 1788.
The ferret slunk between the bars of the gate.
In addition to her endeavors on the track, the American high jumper is studying toward a degree in medicine and does some modeling on the side.
With COVID-19 still limiting travel, a Cameroonian startup has created a system that allows African medical patients to have an online consultation with doctors abroad.
After his flight, the space tourist said the mission to the international space station fulfilled a lifelong dream.
Natasha Spivack, a tall, statuesque blonde, works out of a cramped apartment in the suburbs of Washington, D.C.
These exercises are also static, meaning you get into position and stay there still for several deep breaths.
Conservation officials in India say at least 18 wild elephants were killed by lightning during a thunderstorm late Thursday; however, some experts think the animals might have been poisoned in a wildlife preserve in India's northeastern Assam state.
It is not the biologist with an inkling of mathematics, but the skilled and learned mathematician who must ultimately deal with such problems as are merely sketched and adumbrated here.
Since those biblical times, people in the Cal Madow Mountains have tapped the trees for their resin, which is burned as sweet incense.
But I could no longer sit and look into the fire, and the pertinent words of a poet recurred to me with new force.
Nobody dared to touch a maggot wound, a serious wound for a donkey.
A Kurdish fighter who was disabled by Islamic State finds redemption by opening a bookstore in Kirkuk, Iraq.
The American Society of Plastic Surgeons (ASPS) survey says there were more than 3,200 “transfeminine” and “transmasculine” surgeries in 2016.
Researchers have devised a way to generate electricity using raw sewage and special bacteria.
The irony is not lost on observers that officials are getting to the forum by air travel, a key source of climate-changing emissions, in order to discuss climate change.
Researchers have been capturing coral spawn and rearing millions of larvae in large tanks.
France joins a growing European effort to woo Chinese investment and trade.
In the Hindu religion, an "avatar" is an incarnation, in tangible human or animal form, of an ethereal deity.
Nathan Brand, a Republican National Committee spokesperson, said, "As Democrats unveil their reckless tax-and-spend spree today, Americans are reminded just how out of touch Biden, Schumer and (House Speaker Nancy) Pelosi are from the struggles everyday Americans are facing."
The Norfolk Island pine is another popular houseplant that asks only to be kept cool and moist. Beautifully symmetrical, it fits especially well in certain places, and will respond gratefully to even a reasonable amount of attention.
European Union solidarity is breaking down amid a vaccine debacle that analysts say may have long-lasting repercussions for the future of European political integration.
Universal jurisdiction holds that some crimes are so heinous they transcend any one nation and can be tried anywhere.
Without his spear, he is unable to transfix the kangaroos and wallabies on which he so much depends for his daily food, and, robbed of his boomerangs and nullah-nullahs, the wild duck can pass him scatheless, and the cockatoo can scream defiance from the lofty trees.
The silicon carbide-based microprocessor is able to withstand the hellish temperature as well as the crushing atmospheric pressure on Venus' surface, about 90 times that of Earth.
Here we got black bread and water for the horses, and Seltzer water with wine for ourselves.
WADA Chief Dick Pound told a Montreal news conference Friday that 24 athletes from Winter Olympic sports have suspect levels of banned substances in their dope tests.
Miniature Aerial Vehicles are commonly used today for a variety of tasks, but they are mostly guided by humans using Global Positioning System technology.
The next day, Feb. 5, he filed a complaint with district police alleging negligence by the midwife.
When parents entrust their sick children to a hospital staff, Dr. Daniel Benjamin of Duke University says most parents are unaware of this disturbing fact.
Not far off a Jewish boy, a mere child, of one of the northern tribes, as shown by his fair hair and blue eyes, sang plaintively a song of the singing of birds and the humming of bees, of the flowers of the North, of rippling streams, of the miraged desert, of the waving of the tamarisk and the scent of roses.
The Nairobi-based fashion designer, who has successfully carved herself a niche in Kenya’s fashion industry, said many small business owners are happy to gain access to “high quality products at affordable prices.”
The second largest Native American tribe, Tohono O'odham, has the highest rate of adult onset diabetes in the world.
The Celestine Prophecy was first published in 1993, and it follows the adventures of a man who goes to Peru in search of ancient scrolls.
In Kenya, the Ministry of Public Health and Sanitation recommends general reduction of salt intake to levels below 5 grams as recommended by the World Health Organization.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he is “confident” Israel will be able to annex parts of the West Bank within a few months with backing from the Trump administration.
Scientists at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California report that changes in precipitation over the world's land and oceans cannot be explained by natural variability alone and are directly affected by human activities.
But to his detractors he is not a scientist at all, but a fraud: a statistics professor who they claim makes selective use of statistics to support a right-wing, anti-environment agenda.
Cell phones have become status symbols, signs of prosperity, and one of the most noticeable examples of conspicuous consumption in North Korea.
“If your mother is willing, I will take you for a walk with me,” said Señor Vasquez, smiling indulgently at his twin son and daughter.
A prefix is a letter or a group of letters that we add to the beginning of a word.
In fact, the absorption enhancement that we see is in the range of 20 to 50 times the single-pass absorbance.
As restrictions on travel and other movement by citizens are eased in the Chinese city of Wuhan — once, the epicenter of the world-wide coronavirus outbreak — health officials say they must remain vigilant against a resurgence of the virus.
That prompted a cross-section of officials in the southeast Asian country to gush about the promise in store for one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
But rain has been sparse in Tanzania, as it has in neighboring East African nations, and meteorologists are warning of a prolonged dry season.
Once they played the Blue Note they always wanted to come back, because there is an intimacy here between the audience and the musician that is appealing to everyone.
On a moonless summer night in Hawaii, krill, fish and crabs swirl through a beam of light as two researchers peer into the water above a vibrant reef.
The company has teamed up with the National Alliance for Mental Illness, or NAMI, to offer a questionnaire to people who search for the word "depression" on Google’s website.
The Boring Company, based in California, is close to opening its first exciting venture—a 3.2 kilometer underground tunnel designed to convince Californians that traveling underground at high speed may solve their state’s ubiquitous traffic jams.
The plight of child migrants in Spain is being highlighted once again, this time in the run-up to a possible snap election later this year that Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, who leads a fragile minority government, may decide to call.
Each participant wore an activity monitor to measure heart rate, perspiration and sleep quality.
The term "arduous march" was used by the authoritarian regime to describe a famine that killed millions of people in the 1990s.
It was a walk up a long, lonely road to a solitary thorn-tree, where I was studying a shrike's nest.
The Platonic view of the soul, as a spiritual substance, an effluence from Godhood, which under certain conditions becomes incarnated in perishable forms of matter, is doubtless the view most consonant with the present state of our knowledge.
Of all the hundreds of songs Trinh wrote, “The Great Circle of Vietnam,” which envisions people holding hands in a circle large enough to encompass his nation, may be the most significant.
Similar devices, such as Amazon's Echo or Apple's Siri, have been on the market for some time, but Google says its gadget, Google Home, has the advantage of having direct access to Google's vast database.
A general straggling, trampish look about him was not helped by patched blue fatigues.
A United Nations overview of conditions in northern Ethiopia’s Tigray province after more than nine-months of civil strife finds a society of staggering devastation, of ruined lives and livelihoods.
A conference sponsored by the Cato Institute, a Washington-based research group supporting free market policies, Wednesday delivered a mixed appraisal of the new World Trade Organization after 10 years of its existence.
What draws millions of Indians towards gurus whose allure has not dimmed even after some high-profile "godmen" landed behind bars in recent years for crimes ranging from rape to fraud and murder?
Asked if he had lied to the Queen when advising her to prorogue Parliament, and whether he had misled her about his reasons for wanting a suspension, he replied: “Absolutely not.”
After more than three decades together, Kay and Arnold are in a rut with the same routine day after day.
Greek Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades and Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa Akinci agreed to meet in Geneva to discuss the state of the negotiations and to exchange views on how to move forward in the interest of reaching a comprehensive settlement as soon as possible.
On a single day in January of this year, the Mwamba Bird Observatory Field Study Centre says it counted 15,000 water birds belonging to 69 species, including herons, terns, African skimmers and stork.
There, hundreds of thousands of viewers watched him use an obscure racist slur to describe a cameraman working for his opponent.
But U.S. hog farmers are struggling to survive even as many Americans search in vain for their favorite cuts of pork.
Although the victims have filed complaints with the authorities since 2002 and there has been a departmental enquiry, no action has been taken so far.
The spacecraft’s thrusters must change its velocity by 958 kilometers per hour to set it on a path to intersect Earth, expected in September 2023.
In Madrid, new year celebrants brought 12 grapes to eat — one for each chime of the clock to ensure good luck in the coming year.
The Phoenicians, as seen also by their sculptures, were addicted to the barbaric practice of piercing the upper parts of the ears, as well as the lobes, and attaching to them rings bearing drop-shaped pendants.
Barges filled with tourists glide around hairpin bends, past cobblestone walkways and beneath arched stone bridges.
Scientists from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory report they were able to create a type of fusion reaction by bombarding a microscopic pellet of fuel with beams from 192 powerful lasers to compress its component parts — hydrogen isotopes known as deuterium and tritium — and fuse them together at the atomic level.
Efforts to crack down on bear bile farming continue, more than 20 years after the product was officially banned.
She further added many children in rural areas don’t have access to radio so they are working to provide them with solar powered and crank powered radios.
Nguyen Hung usually tends to rice paddies in central Vietnam, unaware that, fewer than 30 centimeters below the soil, cluster bombs still lurk decades after the U.S. scattered them in the Vietnam War.
Kachere Rehabilitation Center is Malawi’s only free inpatient rehabilitation facility and has since 1995 helped hundreds who suffered from injuries such as strokes and spinal cord injuries.
Researchers at the University of Maryland say a fiery phenomenon called blue whirl could someday help clean up oil spills on water.
Indonesia is struggling to hold back a torrent of hot mud that has buried entire villages and displaced more than 12,000 people since it began spewing from under the ground more than 10 months ago.
Some argued that only low-end labor-intensive jobs will be easily replaced by intelligent robots while others gloated about the possibility of employers utilizing an army of low-cost robots to make a fortune.
Stankova calls him the epitome of what you would think of an internationally renown scientist: "Absent-minded, yet very animated. Very sharp and very enthusiastic."
Saadia Musa is a 'virtual receptionist,' answering phones in Karachi, Pakistan for a call center firm in Washington, D.C.
Red Cross emergency response teams, armed with water pumps, are helping irrigate fields hard hit by North Korea's heat wave.
Alone among the youngsters, the skewbald foal showed what his coat would be like when he was full grown.
Have you had your lithium levels checked recently?
The mix of an Irish anthropologist with an interest in pottery, a small southern village in Japan and plenty of sake or rice wine to drink would inevitably produce none other than a great story.
"At last I have caught you," said the alligator in a nutmeg grater sort of a voice.
Presently, prosthetics rely on relatively heavy hydraulic, electric or pneumatic actuators to flex artificial fingers, but scientists at Germany's Saarland University are experimenting with much lighter fibers made of a nickel-titanium alloy that change shape when connected to a source of electricity.
As an example, Ross said only one U.S. company now produces a high-quality aluminum alloy needed for military aircraft.
It was a mistake to amplify this debate with thoughtless responses.
Fashion was one of the first to adapt to the new house-bound reality, making sweatpants the new American go-to attire.
When was the last time you had your lithium levels checked?
Your lithium levels were low.
Aboard the satellite, two cylindrical masses — one made of titanium and one of a platinum-rhodium alloy — will be controlled to remain motionless.
Some twins develop from two separate eggs that are fertilized at the same time. These babies are called fraternal twins. One can be a girl and the other a boy.
Schizoaffective disorder is similar to bipolar disorder.
I don't have the energy for that.
Most mass shooters have no known mental illness.
Four out of every five mass shooters have not been diagnosed with any mental illness.
Sane people are more of a threat to mentally ill people than vice versa.
Any unessential travel to affected countries must be called off or postponed to a later date.
"The president has given his assent to the Digital Security Act today making it law," Joynal Abedin, the president's press secretary, said Monday.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it is investigating reports that young people have developed myocarditis, or heart inflammation, after being inoculated with a COVID-19 vaccine.
United Nations food agencies are warning that COVID-19, conflict and lack of humanitarian aid are increasing levels of acute hunger around the world, with several countries and one region on the brink of famine.
The documentary examines the reemergence of bhikkhunis – ordained female Buddhist monks – who are reclaiming their place within the Buddhist religious hierarchy some 1,000 years after nuns were last fully ordained.
Make good trouble.
Australia is planning to build a new multibillion-dollar underground hydropower station in a remote corner of the Snowy Mountains in New South Wales.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson will make his debut on the world stage Saturday at the G7 Summit in France – where he will meet U.S. President Donald Trump to discuss a trade deal.
The victory spared the Cavaliers from setting the longest skid in North American professional sports history.
Seated upon the ground, he had seemed as lazy and inert as a hog, but now his body was as tense and active as that of a panther.
Some German tourists must have left bread from home in our community pantry; how nice!
"Any individual Wi-Fi device doesn't reach very far, but if you can chain many of them together, then you can provide access over a wider area," said Joshua King, lead developer at Commotion Wireless, an open-source software initiative for mesh networks.
Persian rugs are on the floor, a Victorian shawl hangs above the bed, newspapers lie on the dresser and a clamshell ashtray sits next to it.
But Gorsuch wrote that because disinformation could spread more easily online than it could via traditional news outlets, the actual malice standard should be lower.
The EU antitrust regulator concluded that Google, whose Android system operates more than 80-percent of the world's smartphones, abused its dominant position to promote its own apps and services, especially the company's search engine.
When dropped in water, silver ions, which are atoms that have an electrical charge, are released to purify the water.
Apple charges $79 to replace the battery if the phone is no longer covered by a warranty.
How can flocks of birds, schools of fish or herds of antelope suddenly change direction — all the individuals adjusting their movement in concert, at seemingly the same time?
Major cities across the United States have also reported dips in burglary, assault, murder, robbery and grand larceny — all due to stay-at-home orders and fewer opportunities for crime.
This image captures the central region of the barred spiral galaxy NGC 1313. The galaxy is located roughly 14 million light-years away in the constellation Reticulum.
If you smoke in Indonesia — and chances are high that you do, as the country is on track to have the world’s highest smoking rate within the next decade — you’re likely a fan of kreteks, the clove cigarettes that are omnipresent in the island nation.
You were in my dream last night.
We'll get through it together.
He shopped around for a jurisdiction in which his suit was almost guaranteed to win.
We're better together.
You always know when something is up with me.
You always know when I'm not feeling great.
I'll give it my best.
Let's finish the indica.
Tom is such a himbo.
Happy Summer Solstice!
Tom is a himbo.
I don't know if I'm the right person for that.
No one knows what they're doing.
I love him even more now.
I've heard great things about Australia.
We're so old.
The result is an absence of checks and balances and the decision of one man to launch a wholly unjustified and brutal invasion of Iraq... I mean, of Ukraine.
I wish we could teleport.
I found something I really wanted to learn and became obsessed with it.
Jews pray facing Jerusalem.
"I know quite a lot of really top-notch scientists who have just moved to other countries," said Lee, citing colleagues who have headed to Europe and China.
A gaping mouth inevitably attracts flies.
Those who keep their mouths open can only swallow flies.
In this sequel, they gather again for a wedding, but this time at a luxury resort in Thailand.
The researchers found that sugar increases tiredness and decreases alertness within an hour after consumption.
Mr. George told British radio that the crisis is troublesome, but manageable.
Bacteria can grow in a blocked pore.
He is a trichologist dealing with hair treatment and scalp problems.
As Australia prepares for a census, administrators are trying to address significant undercounting of Indigenous communities.
Human rights organizations accuse Tanzania's government of using repressive legislation to muzzle the media, civil society and opposition politicians critical of the institution.
Growing threats imperil life in the world’s oceans and seas. Scientists say warming waters endanger young and unborn fish more than previously thought while a newly discovered species of seaweed suffocates life in Pacific waters.
The scientists say older cloth is best because repeated washings soften and loosen the threads, reducing the pore size.
“We all have creaky knees when we bend down,” said Jimmy Fallon, the popular American comedian from “The Tonight Show”.
You didn't tell me Tom was planning to do that here.
A shopkeeper who identified himself as Mohammad Ashraf told VOA that he was at his home when one of his neighboring shopkeepers and a friend called him saying that police had cut the locks on his shop and opened it.
Diana Krall takes a mellow turn on a collection of earthy love songs titled Quiet Nights.
The film dazzles with its special effects, but filmmaker Marc Webb says the superhero's optimism and youthfulness are the biggest draw for young people.
United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) chief David Shearer said Tuesday that increased inter-communal clashes are causing more suffering in South Sudan and could unravel the country’s fragile peace agreement.
In India, beverage giants Coca-Cola and Pepsi are strongly denying allegations that their drinks have high levels of pesticide residue.
A cleft lip or cleft palate is one of the most common birth defects worldwide.
But how did the reclusive state become so adept at breaking into systems and what role does cryptocurrency play in financing the regime?
The U.S. has nearly 30,000 troops in South Korea, a remnant of the 1950s Korean War that ended in an armistice rather than a peace treaty.
I am going to a cookout this coming weekend and I am supposed to be bringing the raw hamburgers.
A video footage carried by Beijing Time, an online TV station, shows a mask-wearing young man waiting for his bus driver girlfriend with an elegantly wrapped, colorful bouquet of masks and roses.
Why did Tom say you told him you didn't know John?
Why did Tom say you told him you didn't tell John what we were going to do?
That'll be about it.
I said I needed a tablespoon, not a teaspoon.
Where did you leave your shirt?
You're in luck. There's a gas station just down the road.
I can show you where it is. It's not far from here.
What brings you to our little town?
The exchange rate isn't great at the moment.
"How much is that one?" "I'm afraid it's not for sale."
We had to sleep on the floor.
I never hid anything from you.
The first is a dish licker, the second a lice-killing cudgel. They pinch, when they are together. What could it be, by chance?
As Washington and Beijing impose ever-higher tariffs, prompting financial markets to falter, U.S. lawmakers are expressing hope for a swift but comprehensive resolution of America's deepening trade disputes with China.
Londoners heard the familiar chime of Big Ben at midnight, even though the famous clock is undergoing renovations and has been disconnected.
Plastics remain in the ecosystem for a long time and not only contain chemicals, but also adsorb other contaminants and accumulate them.
The DRC planning minister has promised a judicial enquiry.
Butler says while the NBA's Most Valuable Player award went to Nikola Jokic of the Denver Nuggets, his pick was Joel Embiid, the league scoring champion this season.
A NASA probe has reached Jupiter for the first up-close study of the largest planet in the solar system.
"If all sides are willing to move off of the rut that we are in currently, then I think there is an extraordinary opportunity to make real progress," Mr. Obama said.
To celebrate the June 5 World Environment Day, diplomats from more than a dozen foreign embassies and international organizations Monday joined the U.S. State Department to plant underwater seagrass in the Potomac River, a tributary of the Chesapeake Bay.
Bich Ngoc loves Instagram food shots like any other self-respecting millennial, but not just for their photogenic allure: She gets on social media to check if certain cuisine is safe.
The World Bank has begun appraisal of Laos’ controversial Nam Theun II hydroelectric project.
Oh, do you really think you just have to snap your fingers to make that happen?
“You can make yourself a big fire, you who, alas, have never cut wood; you can even waste water as much as you want, you who never draw it”, as our old women say.
Sunday is World Press Freedom Day and a global human rights group has marked the observance by publishing an overview of Egypt’s assault on journalists and other media workers.
In the last year, it's become possible for visitors to hop over the churning waves and set foot on one historic offshore lighthouse.
The 8,771 documents, which were published Tuesday and dubbed “Year Zero” by the organization, encompass “the entire hacking capacity of the Central Intelligence Agency.”
The Cardinal is always a great singer, having a voice which, as European writers say, is almost equal to the Nightingale’s; but in this case the more stirring, martial quality of the strain had given place to an exquisite mellowness, as if it were, what I have no doubt it was, a song of love.
Museum team member Kevin May excavates at various prehistoric sites in Alaska.
With about 13,800 people identified as “persons of concern” by the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) residing in Indonesia, the exhibit aims to raise awareness of their plight while they wait in an uncertain and increasingly prolonged “transit.”
Owing to the refractory nature of alumina it is with difficulty that it can be diffused in alkaline silicates, borates, or lead silicates.
Community leaders say current efforts have been unsuccessful and oil continues to gush from the damaged well.
The new pill, called Alli, would be the first approved non-prescription diet pill that blocks fat absorption.
The prefix nano stands for one-billionth, and one-billionth of just about any single thing is way too small for the human eye to see.
Migrants continue to trickle into Spain’s north African enclave of Ceuta.
The Botswana Wildlife Producers Association, a group that focuses on the conservation and management of the country's wildlife, says placing electronic tracking collars on big tusk elephants could help prevent indiscriminate hunts.
Pap screening is a technique in which cells from the lining of the cervix are removed with a spatula and examined under a microscope for abnormalities such as cancer or precancerous changes.
World Bank President Jim Kim warns that two-thirds of jobs in developing nations could be wiped out by automation, a situation that could boost conflict and refugee flows.
Not everyone dismisses these acts of vandalism as a trifle - a harmless prank.
Since 1945, more land has been converted to agriculture, than in the 18th and 19th centuries combined. At least a quarter of all fish stocks are over-harvested. Ten to 30 percent of mammal, bird and amphibian species are currently threatened with extinction. One-third of the world's population is living in water-scarce or water-stressed areas, and this is projected to double over the next 25 years. But, climate change may do more damage to the Earth than all of these other factors.
Twelve gentlemen of the Horse Guards were empanelled, having unanimously chosen Mr. Alexander Truncheon, who is their right-hand man in the troop, for their foreman in the jury.
“I see a cafe yonder,” said Lemercier; “let us learn all we can as to the fair unknown, over a sorbet or a petit verre.”
Particles in the disk clump together, forming planetesimals, which then collide with each other, building up to form the planets.
The fish is an Atlantic salmon that contains genes from two other kinds of fish: ocean pout and Chinook salmon.
The one to whom I would have given the apple of my eye blinded me.
And there you go ! I always fall back into my old habits! I had sworn to myself to do without this time-consuming Facebook!
The new generation of coffee drinkers, many of them young, black and upwardly mobile, are wrinkling their noses at wan, syrupy swill and asking for chic, pared-down concoctions with single-origin, fair-trade beans.
Elsewhere we watch large ocean predators and tiny denizens of the sea like the strangely alien nudibranch and Christmas tree worms.
The shipment Friday afternoon was the first tranche of about 1.2 million doses of Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine allocations for Malawi through the COVAX program.
We're opposed to development in the birthplace and nursery of the porcupine caribou herd, which is on the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
No delicate piece of workmanship would do, because he was careless of his gun, knocked it about anyhow, and occasionally dropped it in a brook.
As climate change raises sea levels, salty ocean water is pushing its way inland.
Scientists at the U.S. space agency, NASA, say they’ve been able to observe, for the first time from lunar orbit, a “bulge” in the moon caused by the “gravitational tug-of-war with Earth.”
Japan reimposed a total ban on U.S. beef imports Friday, after finding spinal material in a shipment of veal from New York.
Analyst Adrien Feniou, with London-based Global Insight, says officials in N'Djamena have been able to use talk of a spillover of violence from Darfur to deflect international criticism of their regime.
At night, visitors to the lantern exhibit pass through red gates and enter a world of light, satin and steel.
Norman Baade of St. Joseph, Missouri says he has been to Africa several times and was impressed by a photo of two young cheetahs chasing a springbok fawn.
Rosine Ngaxi Alzina, 24, sings a lullaby for her two-week-old baby to sleep.
Just a moment, if you please, and you will know everything; then I will be in a position to discuss whys and wherefores.
ECB President Jean-Claude Trichet says Europe's anemic economic performance has greatly reduced any risk that lower interest rates will kindle inflation.
She stuck to his back like a limpet.
Inside Madison's old Washburn Observatory, a fat little engine rumbles away, pulling a series of gears that creak open the facility's shutter.
Crowds will gather in two forests in the United States in coming weeks to see light shows created by a rare species of firefly.
I entered this contest and wrote a jingle for them about rescue animals and I won $100,000.
Village chiefs are trying to change that by urging people to take the jab from mobile vaccination clinics.
From New Delhi, Anjana Pasricha reports on the government's efforts to stub out smoking, which kills an estimated one million people in the country, every year.
Everything was submitted on time.
The payment didn't go through.
Relax. You'll have your money soon enough.
I saw them live.
Tom put on his Sunday best.
That joke wasn't in good taste.
That could be due to Chinese lenders taking more precautions at the outset of the pandemic and focusing on domestic priorities, as well as African countries being less willing to borrow, the study by Boston University's Global Development Policy Center found.
Therefore we ought to go to the savages, not to civilise them, but even to learn philosophy from them.
Under this type of geo-sequestration, carbon dioxide from power plants is compressed into liquid and pumped underground.
The interconnectedness of the grid, which allows for power to be delivered to wherever it’s needed, also means that failure in one spot can cascade across the grid, blanking out huge areas in seconds.
The government and the provider vowed to implement changes to avoid a repeat of the event, but the system failure demonstrated a need for greater redundancy and preparation for future natural and technological disasters.
Cyber espionage and identity theft abound while organized criminals and national spies lurk.
In the event of a divorce, a prenuptial agreement ensures a fortune will not be lost.
And she would whirl and spin and totter around, but she was still standing when Evil Eye Fleagle tried to lay her low with a double whammy.
The Republican Trump is under attack from some opposition Democrats for not invoking 1950s Korean War-era powers to force American companies to manufacture medical equipment to fight the coronavirus infections, but he so far has resisted a direct order while praising voluntary efforts by U.S. corporate giants.
The program has made Jessica famous for her absent-minded, unintentional humor.
I am going to become the Joker.
“If you meet a worthy man, try to be like him. If you meet a mediocre man, look for his faults in yourself,” Confucius said. Such is going life.
I had completely forgotten that story. And finally, it's as if I had been awakened by a masterful slap!
Linda worked as a receptionist at the corporate law firm, learning a great deal about intellectual property rights, which she found useful in her later career.
They said the farmers complained of not receiving enough water to irrigate their crops.
The outer toes then begin to dwindle, and the newly-born foal supports itself on its central digit alone; but horses are occasionally born with two digits, each encased in a hoof, and at very rare intervals with three.
A great spirit errs as well as a little one, the former because it knows no bounds, the latter because it confounds its own horizon with that of the universe.
Thoughtless habits and practices — a bottle dropped here, a bag thrown there — are creating garbage dumps in the world’s oceans.
The French government recently banned religious attire from its classrooms, citing France's tradition of secularism.
Iran’s political elite remains split over the country’s future, and analysts predict the divisions are likely to get more abrasive as reformers and conservatives maneuver before February parliamentary elections.
He said doctors and nurses are finding out if the vision, hearing and blood pressure level of all candidates meet the requirements spelled out by Cameroon military hierarchy.
In other words, although neither had seen the other, there was a feud between the owners of the two estates that had all the earmarks of an ancient romance.
New Secretary of State Mike Pompeo has made his debut on the world stage, emphasizing close U.S. ties with NATO, Saudi Arabia, Israel and Jordan — the stops on his first trip.
I can fix him.
I'd just like to interject for a moment. What you're referring to as Linux is, in fact, GNU/Linux, or as I've recently taken to calling it, GNU plus Linux.
Presently the reflection of the moon descending on the horizon lit up the den, rendering gradually visible and resplendent the spotted skin of a panther.
The metal mesh is assembled on huge automated machines that weld many joints at once.
A hundred and fifty feet from this pueblo is a large upright block of sandstone, which is said to be used as a datum point in the observations of the sun made by a priest of Zuñi for the regulation of the time for planting and harvesting, for determining the new year, and for fixing the dates of certain other ceremonial observances.
Emergency crews in the Gulf of Mexico are deploying containment booms along the U.S. coastline as a massive oil slick from a damaged deepwater well approaches land.
The slimy guts of cacti can purify contaminated water, according to researchers at the University of South Florida, who presented their work at the meeting of the American Chemical Society in San Diego.
To win customer confidence, the companies offer a 10 year or 160,000 kilometer warranty on each new vehicle.
Furthermore, the frog’s external appearance and skeletal shape add to its distinctiveness.
In the past nine months, eight jurisdictions in suburban Atlanta, Georgia have reported cases of robbery, burglary and even home invasion.
Efforts to aid the tens of thousands of people affected by Tonga’s disastrous volcanic eruption are beginning to gather momentum, with the first arrivals of aid by plane and boat from New Zealand and Australia.
Psychologist Dacher Keltner says recent studies of the brain and nervous system show a biological basis for compassion and altruism.
Academy award-winning filmmaker Danny Boyle reunites with his original Trainspotting cast 20 years later to make a sequel that deals with aging, accountability, friendship and once again, betrayal.
A survey published in January by the foundation, which is associated with Spain's second largest bank, found most Spaniards polled reject the use of animals in circuses, bullfights and for use to research cosmetics.
The fawn was taken to a local wildlife care facility for treatment.
Then a mild electrical current sent through electrodes on the volunteers’ scalp caused the brain to suppress signals that affect the inner ear.
Indian immigration to Australia has surged, overtaking China, according to national census data released Tuesday.
While the Duke of Alba in the Netherlands ruled with the axe of the executioner, Cervantes, in Spain, wrote his Don Quixote, and Lope de Vega, who himself held a post connected with the Inquisition, produced his admirable comedies.
Lebanon’s caretaker prime minister, Hassan Diab, warns of another “explosion” that could hit his country as tensions rise, with angry citizens waiting in line for hours at stations for meager gas supplies, while others scour pharmacies for unavailable medicine and baby formula.
Beaches and booze are high on the government’s hit list as South Africa enters its second wave of coronavirus infections — and a long-awaited monthlong summer break for the majority of residents.
A mellow Chinese response to the comment about war could in turn allay any fear in other countries about their own relations with Beijing.
Even though the armed conflict in Syria is easing, Syrians are still making the treacherous journey to Europe to escape a devastated economy.
Where our Kabylie goes, we will go. The light for sure, will shine one day.
In his will he provided that they who succeeded to this lot of ground should forfeit it if they cut down the palm.
This thought, that a man may forfeit his rights, is as essential to proper conceptions of civil government, and civil liberty, as the thought that a man has rights; for if there be no forfeiture of rights through crime, then all legal punishments are without foundation in justice; even the right of self-defense, individually and nationally, ceases to exist.
My first impulse was to follow her and give her such a spank as Mistress Molly administered the day she trounced her for pushing Peter into the creek.
The punishment for looting, Hrohul says, is being tied to a tree or pole without pants "so people can spank them as they pass."
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is starting off the new year in a hospital with a blood clot.
New research suggests that removing blood clots from the brain following strokes dramatically improves a patient's recovery.
In the end, however, the Food and Drug Administration and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention decided that J&J's vaccine was a key to fighting the pandemic, and that the clot risk could be addressed with warnings to help younger women decide which shot to choose.
Many survivors report joint pain and vision problems, and experts also are worried about the risk of relapse.
We talk to Jess Yeomans, one of two women tugboat captains in New York Harbor about the challenges she faces in everyday work and the art she creates when not skippering boats.
The parasympathetic nerves of a developing salivary gland innervate the salivary gland epithelium which is essential for organogenesis.
This son of Jewish immigrants had a tumor on his pituitary gland that caused his unusual growth.
The study found evidence that iron deficiency can lower intelligence test scores by five to seven points, and a lack of iodine in pregnancy causes as many as 20 million babies a year to be born with mental retardation.
An internally flawless blue diamond, weighing 10.10 carats, was the star attraction at a recent press event in London.
U.S. Department of Agriculture researchers have released tiny parasitic wasps in forests in Maryland to attack the emerald ash borer, an invader from China that is devastating forests across the northern United States.
The sapphire, azure gem that emulates heaven's loftly arch, shall gleam, and softly there the verdant emerald shed its greenest light, and fiery carbuncle flash forth its rosy rays from the pure gold.
Scientists were surprised to find the grapevines they studied harbored Propionibacterium acnes, a bacterium usually found on human skin and best known for causing acne.
Sir, you will forgive me for remarking that you are suffering from a severe attack of acne rosacea, which makes you a peculiarly unpleasant object.
Betty sat down on Mary’s couch, ruthlessly sweeping aside a mass of half finished valentines to make room.
To my many friends who have been so lenient in their criticisms of my former work, and to the several editors and literary men who have given me so much encouragement, I wish to return my sincere thanks.
First, my dear sir, in political matters, my humble views are not strong, and trenchant—as yours are become by experience—but exceedingly large, and lenient; because I have never had anything at all to do with politics.
They have used language from the constitution to indict him and put him under the parameter of section 135 of the constitution disqualifying him contesting for office.
Three groups in parallel developed tests as a key parameter for avian influenza and came up with three different solutions.
If four space-points, which do not lie in one plane, are conceived to be at the same time t₀, then it is no longer permissible to make a change of the time parameter by a Lorentz-transformation, without at the same time destroying the character of the simultaneity of these four space points.
Those who lose will be the dispossessed, the hungry, the vulnerable, the defenseless and the children.
It may seem wonderful that language, which is the only method of conveying our conceptions, should, at the same time, be an hindrance to our advancement in philosophy; but the wonder ceases when we consider, that it is seldom studied as the vehicle of truth, but is too frequently esteemed for its own sake, independent of its connection with things.
But the fumble is a further blow to the military's credibility as it faces mounting criticism for its handling of the insurgency in the northeast.
Indianapolis got one last chance with the ball, but a fumble by a player ended any hopes for the team.
Rabbits, another invasive species, also compete with the marsupials for food and shelter.
Hundreds of sickle cell disease patients in Cameroon are using World Sickle Cell Day, June 19, to teach their neighbors that people with the disease can live long lives, contrary to popular beliefs and stigma that label them as witches who must die before the age of 24.
The United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) is procuring a fleet of new aircraft it hopes will have the record desert locust swarms that have plagued East Africa under control by the end of the year.
Jon Stewart said goodbye to his fans Thursday, after 16 years on the Comedy Central network's The Daily Show, which established him as America's foremost satirist of politicians and the media.
But seated in an easy-chair by the fire was a tall man, carefully dressed, with diamond studs in his shirt, and a toilette which, though subdued in tone as a gentleman's evening dress must be, was yet too elaborate for the occasion.
Taiwan's absence from the WHA in recent years is something that we have sought to rectify.
To rectify the situation, MOV!, an organization dedicated to promoting art, is using Facebook to try and get some aspiring artists the exposure that could make their career.
He wore an old-fashioned great-coat, much faded, within which his meagre person was so completely enveloped that the rest of his attire was undistinguishable.
The mounds built by native people 1400-800 years ago were used for ceremonial purposes that remain a mystery.
A change from jute to hemp or flax in the manufacture of bagging (it would only be a return to these fibers), could it be brought about, would mean an advantage of at least three million dollars to our farmers.
Costa is working to protect farmers from a fungal disease called wheat scab that infected half the crop last year.
Because U.S. commercial apple trees are often felled by diseases like "fire blight" and "apple scab," he and his team have made several field trips to the forests of Kazakhstan, where the apple originated, to collect wild apple seeds.
She is iller than you think, and the mornings and the evenings are already chill in this bleak clime.
A new museum recently opened in Rome to display stolen art recovered by the Italian police squad charged with safeguarding the country's artistic and cultural heritage.
Some of them also won't dispense other contraceptives if there is even a remote chance that the medications could act to kill a fertilized egg.
"Absolutely," said Ally Bolour, an immigration lawyer in California, adding, "I really need to preface by saying that it's amazing that the U.S. is going to let in supposedly 100,000 Ukrainian refugees."
The report’s preface said, “The 2015 edition of The Global Information Technology Report is released at a time when many economies around the world are struggling to ensure that economic growth is equitable and provides benefits for their entire populations.”
Instinctively they fly toward the friendly support of some tall weed where, as if feeling more secure on their feet than in the air, they resume their antics, hanging their heads downward, twirling their tails, jumping from one weed to another, and each bird apparently communicating its restlessness to its neighbor, until the whole colony is in a state of ferment.
The photos, posted in the Korean Central News Agency, showed Kim wearing a puffy tan overcoat and glasses, sitting atop a white horse whose bridle and harness appeared to be covered in sparkling, silver gemstones.
Fine markings around the muzzle and shoulder hint at an early bridle.
It is this single 337-hectare rectangle of woodlands and bridle trails, playgrounds and historic plazas, that provides an alluring stage for the pastimes of the 25 million people who visit the park each year.
India’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party introduced a controversial bill in parliament Monday seeking to grant citizenship to non-Muslim illegal immigrants from neighboring countries, introducing religion as a criterion for nationality for the first time.
One day, Kateb Yacine, our great writer, and famous playwright, was called to receive a prize. As he walked onto the stage, he stumbled and "some people" laughed. He turned around and said to them, "La Fontaine made the animals laugh and today I made you laugh!" This story could have happened and is very believable and timeless, even if it was necessarily spread by word of mouth. Kateb Yacine was a great humble artist and was said to drink immoderately and, as an opponent on principle, he was best known for his escapades.
Others drew crayon pictures of their terrifying experiences to show to the former U.S. presidents.
Your correspondent did not have to go far to hear from overburdened parents, many of whom have struggled to work from home since late March while their increasingly feral children bounce around the house, leaving a trail of impressionist crayon art, dirty cups and discarded socks.
This little room is furnished with two round tables, a sideboard, and several chairs, and is decorated with numerous crayon sketches of the knights of the aforesaid round tables.
Key’s song gained popularity as a patriotic ditty, especially during and after the American Civil War in the 1860s.
Each underwent a ten-minute microsurgery barely 24 hours earlier, in temporary field hospitals where medical teams worked with assembly-line efficiency: making tiny slits in eyeballs, delicately removing cataracts, and inserting artificial lenses.
Other companies have complied with the rules, including YouTube, TikTok, Dailymotion and VKontakte.
Cryogenic engines are rocket motors designed for fuels that have to be held at very low temperatures, and make it possible to launch heavy satellites into space.
On their way they took Hyccara, a petty Sicanian seaport, nevertheless at war with Egesta, and making slaves of the inhabitants gave up the town to the Egestaeans, some of whose horse had joined them; after which the army proceeded through the territory of the Sicels until it reached Catana, while the fleet sailed along the coast with the slaves on board.
It is just possible that in this last and latest time a newborn strong and growing sentiment will come to the rescue, will prompt us to seek out and preserve the last remnant, just as long-belated appreciation came at final stance to save for later generations the Great Sequoia Tree, when man's blind avarice had all but wiped it out.
Like their counterparts on land, autonomous ships are emerging as a new way to traverse the world’s oceans.
On Tuesday, police announced they had arrested more than 150 rowdy opposition supporters around the country who “ran amok” and vandalized property belonging to ruling party supporters.
In a word, they were—like the Aesculapian temples at Trikka, Epidaurus and Cos, of which some account will be given farther on—both hospitals for the treatment of disease and schools for the training of physicians.
Five years ago, dairy farmer Darryl Vander Haak flipped the switch on the first electric generator in Washington State powered by manure.
Everybody understands that the soil becomes impoverished by continued cropping, if no return be made in the form of manure or fertilizer.
The strange suits give credence to the information teams, who have been chosen from the communities to disseminate information about residual spraying, while familiarizing people with what the technicians will look like when they come to spray homes.
There can be no doubt that it is most desirable to disseminate knowledge of the truths of political economy through all classes of the population by any means which may be available.
The Lahore High Court issued the directive Thursday based on a petition filed by Saeed, who claims the government’s decision to bar JuD from carrying out its charitable activities is illegal and unconstitutional.
A deconstruction crew is removing all of the usable material from a two-story log cabin which is scheduled to be torn down.
At charitable concerts in aristocratic drawing-rooms the Dilettante is in great request.
What a fucking nightmare!
Tom is at the end of his tether.
A 12-week yoga course and practicing at home eases insomnia felt by many women going through menopause.
The U.N. General Assembly will convene an urgent session Thursday requested by the Organization of Islamic Cooperation and the group of Arab countries at the United Nations to deliberate on the fighting between Israel and Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip.
I was for some time apprehensive that it would be necessary, on account of the contagious sickness which afflicted the city of Philadelphia, to convene the National Legislature at some other place.
That’s why we need the fixed-wing aircraft to do airlifts and air drops both in Kenya and Somalia and helicopters in particular to go to areas which are cutoff by the floods and people are marooned.
From the report of the Secretary of the Treasury you will perceive that the fiscal means, present and accruing, are insufficient to supply the wants of the Government for the current year.
For months, only a trickle of aid has entered Ethiopia’s northern region of Tigray, parts of which the U.N. says are likely in a state of famine.
Mr. Mercer, who in 1846 was the principal civil officer of Government at Badulla, sent me a jagged fragment of an elephant’s tusk, about five inches in diameter, and weighing between twenty and thirty pounds, which had been brought to him by some natives, who, being attracted by a noise in the jungle, witnessed a combat between a tusker and one without tusks, and saw the latter with his trunk seize one of the tusks of his antagonist and wrench from it the portion in question, which measured two feet in length.
He uses a spatula to scrape off advertisements that were stuck on the ground.
A small daub of very watery enamel should be taken on the end of the spatula and laid upon the metal where it is to be enameled.
India celebrated the milestone of administering one billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines on Thursday, marking a key turnaround in a drive that got off the ground slowly earlier this year.
He walked along the sunny road, kicking up a great dust, and coming to a milestone, threw a stone at a huge bullfrog croaking at him from a spring, and made it dive under with a loud splash.
Not only must we return to work, but we must again turn over control of our lives to some foreman or supervisor or executive vice-president.
In the middle of a heated political campaign in Beirut, a small dispute about a drainpipe between Tony, a Christian Lebanese car mechanic and Yasser, a Palestinian construction foreman, takes on monstrous proportions.
His eyes were truculent again, his lips in the pout that had been on them when he had entered.
Through a piece of linen he punched holes with a porcupine quill.
Listen, stay where you are! What's the use of wriggling?
Two-factor authentication is enabled.
Forecasters say Laura continues to bring damaging winds and flooding rainfall as it moves inland over western and central Louisiana.
"We're saying our goal is to deflect an asteroid, that is, to move an asteroid, to change its orbit, by 2015," he says.
Why, old No-Eyes, do you bear a lantern, you whose midnight is no darker than his noonday?
Under normal conditions, the vagina is colonized primarily by lacto-bacilli, which produce hydrogen peroxide — or most of which produce hydrogen peroxide — that maintains an acidic pH in the vagina.
After a while, at the second bottle perhaps, cheerfulness will supervene, then mirth and garrulity, ending, as the night closes round, with wordy contention and a general brawl.
Political Science Professor Ken Menkhaus of Davidson College in North Carolina told VOA the flow of foreign resources illuminated in the report is powerful enough to kindle hostilities far beyond the Horn of Africa.
The tree arrived by jingle bell-adorned horse and carriage, continuing an annual White House tradition to highlight the holiday spirit.
A jingle of tinkling bells mingled with the squeak of a viola; the guffaws of a rompish company blended with the tuneless chanting of discordant minstrels, and the gray parrot in its golden cage, suspended from one of the oaken beams of the ceiling, shook its feathers for the twentieth time and screamed vindictively at the roguish band.
In the trade this is generally regarded as a nasty underhand jab at the British cigar industry.
President Bush strongly denied the claims, and the White House presented a payroll stub it says proves he completed his service.
My name is Martin—James Briggs Martin—but almost everybody calls me Tallow, because once when I was younger I saw old Uncle Ike Bond rubbing tallow on his boots to shine them, and then hurried home and fixed mine up with the stub of a candle and went to school.
I think we all remain confident that we eventually will be able to identify this germ, but it is too preliminary to ascribe the disease to any particular agent in this point in time.
At the risk of spoiling my story and of being taken for a coxcomb, I state my intention at the outset.
But a new law passed Thursday in Australia compels technology companies, device manufacturers and service providers to build in features needed for police to crack those hitherto secret codes.
This kind of writing I do not remember to have seen hitherto attempted in our language.
Ha! Ha! I'm using the Internet!
I can barely think right now.
The low-cost computer operates by hand-crank when electricity is unavailable and can access wireless networks.
Ever so long ago, in the wonderful country of Nonamia, there lived an absent-minded magician.
From lasers that cut denim at a factory, to drones that irrigate crops, it’s not a new story that machines are doing more work than ever.
With the Vietnam War escalating and the Cold War dividing the planet, the late Gene Roddenberry gave TV audiences a glimpse into the a positive future: a united planet sending the multicultural crew of the Starship Enterprise on a mission '...to seek out new worlds and civilizations.'
The natural instinct of travellers at their journey's end is to seek for rest and change of attire.
How did South African comedian Trevor Noah do in his debut as host of the wildly popular American news satire "The Daily Show"?
Together, we called for the protection of all civilians fleeing the conflict and for steps to mitigate the increase in food insecurity caused by this senseless war.
While he was only a fawn Nimble became very fond of water lilies.
A California dermatologist says he has a simple way to ward off head lice, small parasitic insects that live on the human scalp and often spread rapidly among school children.
The effort will rely on thousands of volunteers — normal people with no subject matter expertise — to scour satellite images looking for things like livestock herds, temporary dwellings and permanent dwellings.
Let Tom be. He's not bothering anyone.
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
Make a wish!
You're not supposed to tell anyone what you wished for.
Would you like to do a dab?
But even better, his machine serves a vital function feeding the tomatoes, spinach, zucchini, and other crops on his two-hectare farm just outside Kenya's capital.
It appears that older men who eat fruits and vegetables can delay the onset of brittle bone disease known as osteoporosis.
James Mayen, the lead prosecutor, asked the five judges to adjourn the hearing again until they return to South Sudan.
Ben Affleck explores themes of crime and redemption in his second film as director.
To celebrate Valentine's Day (February 14), millions of Americans gave or received traditional gifts of the season… chocolate, flowers, jewelry. But Mary Esselman and Elizabeth Ash Velez favor a more literate approach to romance. The two writers share a love for poetry. They have always enjoyed reading, exchanging and collecting poems… especially love poems. Ms. Velez, an English Professor at Georgetown University, says most collections feature verses about unbelievably idealized love. So, when she and her friend compiled their collection, they chose love poems for real life, and called it You Drive Me Crazy.
South African videographer Byron Blunt says the use of video replay in his country is called "the third umpire," and he is strongly in favor of it.
One of the companies, owned by Uhuru’s brother Muhoho, had a bank account that held an investment portfolio worth $31.6 million in 2016.
Hosting the talks is about more than just prestige for Kazakhstan, as the country looks to prevent the spreading influence of Islamist extremism at home.
Ronny Poluan says the purpose of his weekly tour of Jakarta's poorest neighborhoods is not sightseeing but bringing people and cultures together.
For the moment, the central bank kept its benchmark interest rate near zero, a widely watched standard that influences the interest rates that consumers pay to borrow money to buy such big-ticket items as cars, and businesses pay to expand their operations or buy machinery.
Patience Afor Abdullahi, a midwife and the head of nursing at Abuja National Hospital in the Nigerian capital, has lost track of how many babies she has delivered and she would not trade her job for anything.
"On behalf of the leadership of the Congress of the People I take this opportunity to extend our collective gratitude to you for bestowing on us such confidence as to entrust with the responsibility to lead our new party, the Congress of the People," said Lekota.
In Athens’ central Monastiraki Square, in the shadow of the Acropolis, 51-year-old Konstantinos Polychronopoulos stirs a large pot of chicken stew as other volunteers ready plates and cutlery at the self-styled "Social Kitchen."
Scientists say the invasive species arrived in the Mediterranean from Asia in the ballast of cargo ships, creating an “environmental nightmare.”
Both are young, both are pretty; but methinks the left-hand lass is the fairer of the twain; and, though she be so serious at this moment, I could swear that there is a treasure of gentle fun within her.
New research suggests that speaking more than one language may delay the onset of different types of dementia.
That is significantly lower than the daily caloric intake of 2,500 a day suggested by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.
Conservationists in an ecologically diverse part of South Africa have embarked on an ambitious project to reestablish a population of one of Africa’s most mysterious creatures.
The poles are strange, beautiful places, where the sun moves sideways, nights last for months, and bone-chilling winds scar the landscape.
Wearing a bright teal headband and a black-and-white dress, 12-year-old Yolanda adjusted the microphone lower and glanced sideways at her father, smiling nervously.
Carrying their goods in twin baskets suspended from shoulder poles, or on the backs of bicycles, they sell everything from dragonfruit and sticky rice to whisk brooms and plastic buckets.
When Abdullah Abdullah, head of the Afghan peace negotiation team, recently tweeted photos of his meeting with a group of Taliban leaders in Kabul, former parliamentarian and women's rights activist Fawzia Koofi did not miss the conspicuous absence of women.
New Yorkers appear to have accepted the scream of sirens on the ground and the thump of helicopters overhead as part of daily life.
"Eh! hello, who's there?" and Arthur jumps from his warm bed, and starts, shivering, to open the window-shutter; but ere he can reach it, another thump from without, and the rattle of a broken snow-ball on the tin roof of the veranda greets his ears.
That was a very dumb movie.
That was a very dumb movie; I loved it!
That was a very dumb move.
Tom is a defensive lineman.
Tom is an offensive lineman.
Tom is pitching today.
Australia invaded Canada.
Australia was invaded by Canada.
Where's a good place to study French?
What's a good university to study French at?
We don't have to talk about Tom.
Tom is John's bodyguard.
The moon isn't hollow, Tom.
A pure sea-breeze pervades the whole surrounding country, the evenness of temperature producing a very genial and happy influence in pulmonic diseases, more than all the drugs compounded by any pharmaceutist in the world.
Environmentally, the planet was on a downward slide well before the U.N. General Assembly adopted a resolution designating April 22 in 2009 as International Mother Earth Day.
The cybersecurity firm says people should only use apps from “trusted sources” and to carefully notice what permissions the app is asking for.
An internship is a way for many students to explore different careers and gain valuable skills during their education.
He calls it clear evidence that water carried the salts up from basalt rock below ground and left them behind on the surface when it evaporated.
It is only the adept who has already overcome the first steps as an observer, and is familiar with many of the technical terms, who can profit by a brief and concise manual.
Although astronomers have detected nearly 500 planets beyond our solar system since the late 1990s, this is the first potentially Earthlike world.
It was not stated whether he would be paid monthly, as is the department’s custom, or let it accrue to the end of the year.
A double blast of heavy snow and temperatures dropping to minus 22 degrees Celsius made the downhill race treacherous on Sunday, and only 46 of 87 skiers were able to finish the course.
The International Space Station was originally scheduled for completion in 2006, but unpredicted expenses created major delays.
So true, bestie!
Shoppers pause for coffee, cell phones chirp, traffic is backed up in front of the national theater.
Birds chirp in a courtyard as Ouidoh Sorogoui spins yarn at the entrance of her home, making clothes for other villagers.
A recent book, called "Old Age is Not for Sissies," summarizes advice that that he gives in speeches to seniors.
Together with finer, more precise instruments, surgeons are also developing new procedures that lower discomfort and bleeding for the patient, leading to faster healing.
Spending a month at a historic ranch as its host and caretaker is not a dream vacation description, it's a volunteer program offered by the U.S. Forest Service.
At Kyoto University's Primate Research Institute, a chimpanzee is performing a task that is impossible for a person to do, revealing how chimp cognition can mirror—and in some cases surpass—the capabilities of the human brain.
ANC chief Jacob Zuma says the party will not tolerate members who promote factionalism, warning that "history has been unkind" to those who left the party.
The astronomer says scientists are now trying to figure out what’s on the other side of the heliopause, the boundary between our solar system and intergalactic space.
At New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art, chemistry, physics and geology are all playing a part in the detective work of determining whether a work of art is original or a forgery.
At the Waco Mammoth National Monument, visitors can view "in situ" fossils including female mammoths, a bull mammoth, and a camel that lived approximately 67,000 years ago.
The military says separatists are frustrated over their inability to disrupt matches of the Africa Football Cup of Nations.
The Economic Report on Africa for 2021 blamed the growing poverty on job losses, reduced income and the inability of households to manage the risks.
Having found, as I do that the restrictions imposed on the applicant are unlawful, it is hereby ordered that they are lifted.
At this stage, they say, they are not releasing his name — neither the alias he might have used nor his real identity.
The same informant tells me that on the façade of a large temple in Orissa are bas-reliefs, representing both men and women, alone, masturbating, and also women masturbating men.
“Nobody has given up their ideology,” said the maximum leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) Rodrigo Londono (better known by his alias of Timochenko), in a speech after signing the peace pact with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos.
Travel analysts say flying business class is becoming more attractive as heightened airport security makes traveling more of a hassle.
The super-modern Asian nation hopes to secure a hassle-free, land-and-sea transit route as far as Africa, Abe's spokesman Norio Murayama said.
The naproxen helped a little.
"Is it over?" "It's never over."
"Are you ready?" "I was born ready."
Tom? Are you with us?
I think that's what Tom was trying to tell us.
I don't have any pockets.
These pockets can't hold anything.
I don't think your alarm went off.
Any traveler to Vietnam will be familiar with the experience: A trip here is not complete until the traveler ventures to cross the intimidating roads that heave with motorbikes, only to find that drivers will weave around the pedestrian and that there is in fact some order in the seeming chaos of the street.
Parts of the world ravaged by outbreaks of Ebola can now heave a small sigh of relief thanks to the stockpile of vaccine, the International Coordinating Group (ICG) announced Monday.
He says the conductive thread is so pliable and durable it can be sewn into any fabric with a sewing machine.
The palm weevil grub, a fat worm found in palm trees, is such a popular source of protein that it has squirmed out of the forests and onto the plates at popular restaurants.
You're a coward and you're a grub and if you do that sort of thing in this country we will come after you.
Emrich worries that mounting bee colony losses mean he can't wait that long, so he and his fellow beekeepers are petitioning county and state governments, calling for local rules to restrict home and garden use of common bug killers, rose and flower treatments, and grub controls.
To get medical supplies or food, people in some places around the world are showing not a government ID but the iris in their eyes or their thumbprint.
But after the first or the second moult, definite wing-rudiments are visible in the form of outgrowths on the corners of the second and third thoracic segments.
But its origin dates back 2000 years and comes from a pagan holiday that honored the dead on the last day of the Celtic calendar on October 31.
Under his mother's tutelage, Eldar quickly progressed to playing intricate jazz pieces by pianists Bill Evans and Art Tatum.
"Women in tiny hovels have their arms full of rosy dimpled darlings," sighed Queen Rosewhite.
A spell of warm weather is disrupting events at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, presenting a challenge for Olympic organizers with temperatures forecast to rise again this week.
While some plantation tours have intertwined the lives of the slavers and the enslaved, others are evolving as part of a growing awareness in the push for social justice that includes facing the enduring scars of slavery today.
He noted the tree plantation program is also generating tens of thousands of new employment opportunities and is expected to create about 1.5 million jobs over the next three years when the government will have hit the target of nearly 3.3 billion trees.
In this day and age, there aren't nearly as many advantages to being "royalty" as there were a century or so ago.
One of the great things about the Internet is the vast array of websites that cater to every conceivable interest.
And while many are feeling the impact of that slowdown, the region's growing middle class is helping to act as a buffer.
President Salva Kiir has said more foreign troops to complement U.N. peacekeepers are not necessary; but Goi Yooyul Yol, the opposition’s representative to Ethiopia and the African Union, says a buffer force is needed to separate government forces and those of the opposition, known as the SPLM-IO.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan, while on a trip to the northern U.S. city of Chicago Thursday, argued that new immigrants in America should not have to assimilate into American culture, but the government should instead do more to help them build “cohesive communities.”
The monitoring group has released findings of its four-month investigation into what it condemned as a "sinister" campaign.
Nothing sinister has turned up in clinical trials so far, but there are still unknowns.
He believes the verdict against him could also be part of sinister domestic politics in Lebanon.
But Mr. Prodi argued that Mr. Solbes was the victim of a trusted subordinate who had betrayed his confidence.
At the same time farmers are voicing concerns about a situation that some analysts say could further destabilize the region.
Ea-nasir sells bad copper ingots.
The recipe calls for parsley, basil, coriander, the whole shebang.
Her flaccid attempt at leadership impressed nobody.
Thick thighs save lives.
He gives off serious Tom Jackson vibes.
He reminds me of Tom Jackson.
He reminds me of Tom.
He reminds me of him.
About 7,000 years ago a single Erythroxylum shrub in the Northern Territory became isolated from its cousins further east on Cape York in Queensland when melting glaciers created the Gulf of Carpentaria.
The latest treatment, artemisinin, comes from a Chinese shrub.
Students meet him in the library, pick out a book and flop down on the carpet.
The organization said on Friday it had been barred from bringing aid in, but still hoped to be able to get there and subsequently evacuate civilians.
In either case, survival involves climbing into a spherical aluminum pod, and buckling in for what is sure to be the ride of your life.
The crowd of more than 70,000 people sang The Marseillaise — the French national anthem.
Over 200 universities have signed briefs in support of Harvard and MIT's lawsuit challenging a U.S. guideline to not grant visas to international students whose coursework will be all online.
This was quite a delightful ramble for Robin, at first: but soon his curiosity began to get him into trouble.
Then the merry little boys they will ramble, so gleesome, o'er mountain and dale, where the sweets of the rose through the bramble will be blown by the mild summer gale: then a share of Nature’s smiles each morning to the poor humble peasant will be given. While the lark from his covert he is soaring, his musical notes to the heaven.
In Saint-Louis, Senegal, aid workers are using another indigenous species, the prawn, to keep parasite levels in check in local rivers.
In the summer of 2011, when Caine Monroy was nine, he won a miniature basketball hoop from playing an arcade game.
As he reflects on his upbringing and on Wilkinsburg today, he highlights the vast chasm between investment in white and black communities throughout the nation.
Could you hold this for me?
He also discusses the importance of the boys’ upbringing to develop them into caring, respectful and loving men and what parents, guardians, and caretakers can teach their young boys to become men of value in the future.
More than one billion children worldwide are suffering from severe hardships that are denying them a healthy and secure upbringing, UNICEF reports.
Tungsten is what makes cell phones vibrate, and tin is used in solder.
Japanese scientists are trying to develop a new toxin-free solder that will not damage the groundwater.
Soft solder, as referred to here, means solder that melts at a temperature of 300 degrees or less, and is so called because of the low heat required to fuse the solder.
Could you hold my purse?
Could you hold my purse for a minute?
The pig had piglets.
My great-grandfather was a blacksmith.
How many cats is too many?
Boss makes a dollar, I make a dime. That's why I poop on company time.
There's no such thing as reality.
All of Tom's money comes from the rental properties he inherited.
Tom is a landlord.
Tom is John's landlord.
Reality is an Illuminati plot.
Tom Jackson will face the guillotine tomorrow.
After the Wizard was gone, the people of the Emerald City made His Majesty, the Scarecrow, their King; and I have heard that he became a very popular ruler.
I took the ball, and when the chap came rushing to me, I threw the ball over his head and ran around him to catch it again!
He told us that the train had been robbed of its gold bricks, by five men, three of whom, dressed like Indians, rifled the baggage car while the others held the passengers at bay; that the engine was hopelessly wrecked, the engineer killed; that the robbers had escaped on horseback with their booty; and that men had been sent to the nearest telegraph station to “wire” for another engine and a supply of workmen.
After making sure the cave is not boobytrapped, a swarm of soldiers start hauling away the war booty.
Dutch, French, English, Danes, Portuguese, and Courlanders would gallantly seize each other's property out there, while their respective Governments at home, if the matter were brought before their notice, and it was apparently worth their while, disowned all knowledge of their representatives' villainies and returned the booty to the prior owner on paper.
American and Canadian scientists are hoping that the 560-kilogram Orca will reunite with her family group by communicating through their unique acoustical vocal patterns.
Although it remains a minor event in history books in Britain and France, the destruction of the Yuanming Yuan is described in Chinese history texts as a key event in the country's "100 years of humiliation," and a cautionary tale of what can befall China if it bows to Western influence.
Protesters Sunday expressed some worry the same fate will befall the new wave of demonstrations.
On the contrary, I planned an intensive study of the works of the later Victorians, of that blissful period in the history of Europe when we could believe in the comforting doctrine of materialism.
The National Weather Service said Wednesday some 25 million people will face temperatures that cause near-instant frostbite in New England (the northeastern United States) and the Midwest—states such as Wisconsin, Minnesota, Illinois and Michigan.
In the 1800s, Sardinian pastoralists and Ligurian fishermen set up habitations on the island, and there are Roman and Greek ruins on the island that date back several thousand years.
It is a region of purity, of white ice, and of blue water, with no human dwelling within a thousand miles to sully the freshness of the breeze which blows across the icefields.
In early 2016 with battlefield setbacks mounting rapidly, there were signs of increasing dissent and defections from IS, especially by North African recruits who complained they were treated unequally, receiving less pay and a poorer share of spoils and enslaved women.
Two rights groups are calling on Tanzania's government to ease restrictions on dissent and freedom of expression imposed since President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
No, Mother Goose, it is not a fall this time, but something worse, for I haven't a penny in the world, nor likely to have, and to-morrow is the Fourth of July, when all the boys and girls will have pistols, gunpowder, and fire-works, while I shall not even be able to get one fire-cracker.
There will be a lot of infighting and caterwauling in this place in order to try to move in that direction.
But, unlike other weather data about rainfall and storms — gathered from orbiting satellites — the dazzling, reflective nature of snow makes it hard to measure the depth of a snowpack from space.
I've known Tom all my life, but now and again, he still surprises me.
Where can we catch a good drag show?
In spite of all, however, in every campaign, after each lost battle, and even after those which were won, the number of deserters was fearfully great.
He said authorities persuaded the pirates to be advisors on a film about piracy that would chronicle their lives.
But this past Monday, Sri had to revert to working from home when her office decided the risk of workplace infection became too great.
The minister of trade and industry, Kgafela Mmusi, says the end of the edict, set for this Thursday, means businesses can revert to normal trading hours.
Solar power is making a strong showing in Vietnam after years of shuttling from one extreme to the other, with the nation looking sometimes like it would revert to coal, and other times like it would invest in renewable energy.
U.S. intelligence chiefs are making a strong push, backed by the White House, to reauthorize a controversial law that allows U.S. spy agencies to eavesdrop on foreign electronic communications.
Researchers say that in addition to stealing computer files, the cyber spies could turn on the internal camera on a remote computer to eavesdrop on live conversations.
She organized her sentences and paragraphs better, her vocabulary expanded, and fewer spelling errors popped up in her work—not just because she could spellcheck but because she cared more.
I have no ambition to start a theory nor to promulgate a doctrine; above all things I have no desire to provoke an argument.
Pasteur showed that animals could be made immune to the poison, and devised a method by which the infection conveyed by the bite could be neutralised.
Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan announced Sunday his government had decided to give “provisional provincial” status to part of Pakistan-administered Kashmir.
Faced with a massive deficit and under pressure from the international community, the government has revved up taxes and put the brakes on spending.
Ahead of World Refugee Day, the World Food Program is appealing for international support for millions of destitute refugees, many of whom are facing hunger because money to feed them has dried up.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres told the world Tuesday to “wake up” to the greatest “cascade of crises” in our lifetimes.
He however says the government will not condone pronouncements that incite violence and chaos.
He said he respected the independence of the investigators, but Mr. Ban added that he could not condone irresponsible behavior that undermines the council and the United Nations.
Helios had another son named Phaethon, whose mother was Clymene, one of the Oceanides.
Poor guy, they massacred him!
Yet hist! faint eerie tones are sometimes heard — which blanch the cheek and palsy all the limbs — like to the moaning of departed souls!
Drawn by some strange force, from the unfathomable depths below, eerie shapes sought the surface, blinking glassily at the unfamiliar glare they had exchanged for their native gloom—uncouth creatures bedight with tasselled fringes like weed-growths waving around them, fathom-long, medusae with coloured spots like eyes clustering all over their transparent substance, wriggling worm-like forms of such elusive matter that the smallest exposure to the sun melted them, and they were not.
He's only here to stir shit up.
Tom is a known shit disturber.
The house itself, constructed chiefly of a framework of massive timber, filled in with stone or brick, had no pretensions to architectural beauty, albeit its wide, projecting eaves, its large chimneys, and latticed windows, with its neat, well-kept garden full of gay flowers, gave it a picturesque and quaint appearance.
Gilpin classes these "Innocent Impostors" among the most entertaining of his works, and is delighted by the happiness with which he has outdone in their own excellences the artists whom he copied; but Strutt, too grave to admit of jokes that twitch the connoisseurs, declares that they could never have deceived an experienced judge, and reprobates such kinds of ingenuity, played off at the cost of the venerable brotherhood of the cognoscenti.
Bergamot oil may be tested as to its purity by mixing it with alcohol.
This 220-mile (350-kilometer) wide view of Pluto from NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft illustrates the incredible diversity of surface reflectivities and geological landforms on the dwarf planet.
The education that we give makes the boys a little less clownish in their manners, and more intelligent when spoken to by strangers.
The search for extraterrestrials is being done with telescopic "eyes" and "ears".
Tom is a drag queen.
Tom does drag on the weekends.
While hunting for food the Chuck-will’s-widow flies low, often but a few feet above the surface of the ground.
I thought you were a moderate.
I thought this was America.
Hundreds of city residents of all ages gathered in front of the Renaissance city hall to voice their unhappiness with the public transport system, the lack of efforts in cleaning the filth off streets and buildings, and the dreadful state of the many roads and parks in the city.
The settlement that housed thousands of poor Zimbabweans was razed during what the government called "Operation Drive Out the Filth", a wholesale destruction of unapproved homes and informal businesses.
Huge, toothy and aggressive, Komodo dragons are surrounded by filth in their daily lives.
Lawmakers from the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives are scheduled to meet Wednesday in a joint session of Congress to count and certify electoral votes based on the result of the November presidential election.
Police officers are on the hunt for the escapee.
“When this exposure is particularly loud, prolonged or habitual, the sensory cells are damaged permanently leading to irreversible hearing loss,” said Chadha.
An experimental treatment providing a new approach in the fight against HIV has cleared the first hurdle.
Burchard had every nettle rooted up for three leagues round.
Beyond the rail there was winter night, a moving blackness where the waves rushed and clamored; straining into the great dark, men sensed only the bitter salt of sea-scud, the nettle of sleet and the lash of wind.
It is, like the sting of a scorpion, a perpetual nettle destroying your peace, rendering life a burden.
Researchers have developed what’s being hailed as a “breakthrough” in the treatment of multiple sclerosis, a crippling autoimmune disease that attacks the outer sheath of nerve cells, eventually disabling many of those with the neurological condition.
His thick fingers crackle across a large packet containing empty purple sachets labeled alcohol swabs, used syringes and a plastic sheath that a few minutes ago contained lactate solution.
He laughed, and his laughter was like the purr of a sword sliding from a silken sheath.
So how are working American women staying stylish during online meetings and presentations, and what are they wearing when they’re not appearing on camera?
It was a nice company that manufactured stylish lamps and other home accessories and sold them to many countries around the world.
Since the operation, he's been wearing a neon pink retainer.
Why do wet dogs smell like that?
Why do dogs smell like that?
Why does Tom smell like that?
Paradoxically, she craves social interaction while refusing to leave her house.
Provided that one day I have a place to plant olive trees!
A more practical attempt to unify the new with the old in Athenian society and education was made by Aristotle (386-322 B. C.), the pupil of Plato.
On a December day at the rehabilitation clinic outside the capital, addicts recited their serenity prayers and sought refuge from the friends and social environment many said encouraged them to drink, shoot heroin, snort cocaine, or abuse any of a litany of hard drugs.
In like manner the Muse first of all inspires men herself; and from these inspired persons a chain of other persons is suspended, who take the inspiration.
The European Union has had a bumpy ride with Britain's outgoing prime minister, Boris Johnson.
We have a bumpy road in leaving the city, followed by a fine stretch of smooth, beautiful cement highway.
Messages of congratulation also came Saturday from the leaders in the Netherlands, Qatar, Egypt, Ukraine, Lebanon, Norway and Greece.
Since then, NASA says Kepler has entered what it calls the "lowest operational mode," and says saving it from oblivion is the Kepler team's top priority.
For a week I have been drinking myself into a brutal oblivion—or trying to do so; I came to you in a nerveless and half imbecile state.
The sound sleep of childhood is weighing my eyelids down, and for a few moments I sink into slumber and oblivion until awakened by some one.
I was told right at the beginning that running a solar cooker company and making it feasible and financially stable was impossible.
She said the Red Crescent began sending aid to those affected by the fires early Thursday, including 20 tons of medicine, mattresses and blankets, foodstuffs and water to the region in the east of the country.
His person was not eminent enough, either by nature or circumstance, to deserve a public memorial simply for his own sake, after the lapse of a century and a half from the era in which he flourished.
A similar fibre optic cable was installed in West Africa earlier this year with the support of the South African Telecommunications Company.
Europeans have vented their frustration over rising prices and shrinking purchasing power.
He struggled with the door-stud, but the door refused to open.
The stranger who sails for the first time up the Firth of Forth must be struck with the numerous villages that stud its picturesque shores.
"If medicine worked, you wouldn't need to refill your prescription." "That's the dumbest thing I ever heard."
Social media was a mistake.
Inaction can be deadlier than action.
The Secret Service deleted text messages from January 5th and 6th, 2020.
Sometimes malice is a better explanation than stupidity.
Tom is married to John.
Tom and John are married.
"That's a big puppy." "He's a Boxer."
Hot enough for you?
Is it true that hot weather kills more people than cold weather?
It was a very heated meeting.
No one has ever said anything like that to me before.
There's drama in the Bible fandom.
The Bible has the most toxic fandom.
No one has ever done anything like this for me before.
I want to visit every country in the world.
I wish I could learn every language in the world.
Tom doesn't golf. You're thinking of Mary.
Somehow I get the feeling we haven't seen the last of that Tom.
Since the stakes are high, I'd like to recommend a belt-and-suspenders approach.
The majority of viewers didn't enjoy the movie, but on the flip side, those who did like it were obsessed with it.
This is the future that liberals want.
These bugs are annoying.
Someone's chainsawing.
The cicadas are out.
I'm going to go up there.
Let me know next time you're in town.
You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.
This is a little tricky.
Don't tell Tom, but I'm rooting for Mary.
Tom is an android.
Tom has powerful friends.
It's an ancient legend.
I'll keep looking for stuff.
Tom is a ruthless gangster.
That's the wildcard.
Those sound like gunshots.
He's a good dog.
Cookie wants in.
I'm going to jump in the shower.
No one knows what causes some children to develop superpowers.
Dragons are believed to be extinct.
Elves are nearly extinct.
There's no easy way to say this, but you're an android.
Tom couldn't find the exit.
Don't take me to the hospital.
I told them the same thing.
It was made for Netflix.
Presiding Judge Lilian Hove acknowledged that the doctors have a legitimate grievance over their salaries, which needs urgent resolution.
He also said the opportunity to go to coeducational institutions will increase women’s chances of getting ahead in the field of education and empower them in the society.
In an era when social media is driving politics and traditional political allegiances are waning, the populist agenda of nationalist pride and cultural grievance is trumping the much more bland and less adventurous managerial problem-solving of the establishment parties.
Imaginative craftsman as he was, Morris was never quite an artist in the strict sense of the word.
“People want bigger gongs with good sound so that’s why we began casting iron metal giant gongs,” craftsman Than Zaw explains, noting their innovation has allowed them to fight back against what is regarded here as an inferior imported product.
And what Tom does is, being a jeweler, a craftsman and a man of the arts, he possesses a skill that's very unique.
The snot is rich with fresh DNA, viruses and bacteria, and is collected by a drone that hovers over the blowholes of humpback whales as they embark on their epic annual journey along Australia's east coast.
Pisoni says since they don't know who wins, they have to engrave a bronze plate with all the nominees' names.
But if you look close enough into the grooves and onto the lip of the Cup, you will see that players started to scratch and engrave their names into it.
Will you drink more coffee if I make it?
"The meticulous attention to detail, I think, knowing that these objects are 3,400 years old, knowing that it really took a lot to engrave these wonderful objects, even in the wood that you see in some of these chests, the quality of the workmanship is just incredible," he said.
She needed more than 15 helpers to drag the giant, serpent-like creature to the shore.
The World Food Program says thousands of people in Somaliland are enjoying a better, more varied diet since it introduced its voucher scheme.
I'll now take further steps to enquire as to how that mistake occurred.
We are especially fortunate in being the possessors also of a field for archaeological study in the portion of the area occupied by the mound builders—the lost race, whose fate has a strange fascination for all who enquire into the condition of Ancient America.
The asteroid that triggered a mass extinction and the demise of the dinosaurs 66 million years ago gave rise to a modern age of fishes, according to a new study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The so-called "anti-imperialist" left will never forgive Ukrainians for getting invaded by Russia.
Determined attempts were made both openly and by stealth to strangle the system at its birth, to destroy the mustard seed at the time of the planting; and, as the fact of its survival has become prominent the certainty of its impending demise has been announced time and again; the fall of the umbrageous tree, amidst whose branches the birds of search continue to find food and shelter, has been often predicted.
The report, by the Berlin-based, anti-corruption watchdog, says little has changed in recent years in the way governments enforce their anti-bribery laws.
Federal prosecutors have brought foreign bribery charges against a record number of individuals in 2019, a top Justice Department official said Wednesday.
Fearing “deadly consequences,” human rights groups in the Philippines have expressed dismay after the Supreme Court upheld most provisions of the anti-terror law, which they say is detrimental to the country’s democracy as it threatens human rights.
“Such unilateral actions, as that of today, are detrimental to the spirit of cooperation between the two countries in the fight against terrorism,” the ministry noted.
I've never seen peaches that big.
Tom is John's little brother.
Tom is John's big brother.
My uncle Tom and aunt Mary live in Boston.
Depression does that to you.
Do you even want to go anymore?
It's not as bad right now.
That isn't a tumor.
Easy with that.
This isn't you, Tom.
Tom Jackson is a caricature of a middle-class reactionary.
I only do that with Tom.
I don't do that with anyone but Tom.
Tom wouldn't dare.
Tom was born with a tail.
Just set it down for now.
It takes a special battery.
I know I have those batteries somewhere.
That's kind of weird.
This is my favorite channel.
I just saw a really scary spider.
That's not suspicious at all.
The NASA researchers say the so-called “wobble” in the moon’s orbit is part of an 18.6-year cycle, recorded as far back as 1728.
And we get tired of living on spoon victuals and the memory of past beef-steaks.
Police constables Hamid Vasco and Brenda Mhlanga graduated Friday after six months of training and were welcomed into the police service Monday along with other new recruits.
Would not I gladly barter all heaven for one hour of your love on earth?
The report by a Mogadishu-based research group, the Hiraal Institute, said the group uses various methods to procure weapons, including direct purchases from local black markets, and from arms traders contracted to buy and deliver weapons from abroad, mainly Yemen.
He said the WHO needs $4.3 billion to procure vaccines for the world’s neediest countries and urged donors to help fill a funding gap.
It soon became clear the rant was directed at her.
Up here, I have to rant and rave and keep you people going, or else you’re going to fall asleep on me, right?
An online rant against Asian students at the Univerity of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) has caused an uproar on campus and beyond.
Today, we are seeing a similar urgent, warm and compassionate reaction from the international community in response to Katrina.
More than 70,000 people have signed a petition urging the Australian government to ease COVID-19 entry restrictions on foreign-born parents of Australian citizens, who are allowed into the country only on compassionate grounds.
I cannot say if he first caught sight of me or I of him, for he was crouched in the shadow of a lamp-post; seemingly on the chance of there coming that way a compassionate pedestrian who might be induced to give him a night’s lodging.
The slightest body language, smile or grimace, or sign of impatience and exasperation will be analyzed and interpreted.
"Well, I've had mine"—Stafford made a slight grimace—"and there's plenty left for you, if you don't mind eating after me."
Half-hidden under his beard his emaciated lips kept the monotonous grimace of a smile on his face.
I'm going to toss another log on the fire.
The government of Kenya and the U.N. agency UNESCO on Wednesday announced huge new water finds in one of the most arid parts of the country.
Cookie's a big dog, so the stick I throw him is more like a small log.
That's a neat mushroom.
Cookie is a big dog.
He set one right on top of the other.
Don't throw it over the fence.
These rocks are ancient.
You can't come in with that stick.
She says there are numerous cases of people being treated unjustly because of the faulty use of AI in law enforcement, national security, and criminal justice and border management areas.
A farmer in Ireland has found a ball of 2,000-year-old butter buried in a peat bog.
Stay away from Tom. He's a made man.
Tom is a made man.
Craig Patterson, with the Maryland Department of Natural Resources, uses a piece of equipment (resembling a hand-held remote control and antenna) to find a tiny bog turtle, underground.
I'll defer to your expertise.
I'll defer to your judgment.
There's a festival going on this weekend.
Although the judges ruled prostitution to be legal, they said it is still illegal to run a brothel or act as a pimp.
Dogs are simple creatures.
The Talmud is a collection of disagreements.
The Talmud contains more minority opinions than majority ones.
Tom always brings a jar of Vegemite with him when he leaves Australia.
One sex worker says her madam, or pimp, demanded repayments of 1,000 euro [$1,300] within 10 days.
The Hebrew word "goy" literally means "nation."
They probably wouldn't sue us over such a minor mistake, but we might as well double-check the contract.
Every word out of Tom's mouth is a lie.
You don't have to get it.
Quiet, Tom.
It's a common expression.
Whatever you say, buddy.
Deer are very good swimmers.
You don't know Tom.
Meet me at the base.
Tom didn't like my Facebook status.
Tom didn't accept my friend request.
What was Tom ranting about on Facebook?
“Cursed, the day I was born; I had the worst afflictions wrapped up in my little hands; so that they'll never leave me...", sang Lounes Matoub, peace to his soul, and taken up here by Sadia Hamidi, whom we congratulate for her excellent interpretation and her feelings.
Tom said the funniest thing today.
Tom has main character syndrome.
My guess is that aliens were behind it.
That's going to be hard.
"I don't want to die." "You're not going to die."
The president's five-year, $15 billion program to fight AIDS in Africa and the Caribbean is based on encouraging abstinence, fidelity, and the use of contraception.
Another likely cause is a problem within the body’s defense system, when the defense system misunderstands signals and attacks the body.
Like the life cycle of the butterfly, from the shattered cocoon of a once-great place, a new and vibrant city can arise.
Investors younger than 34 surveyed by a financial services company said student debt, health care costs and financial jargon are barriers between them and investing.
Alas, that's the kind of world we live in.
Some political jargon used in the U.S. can be pretty obscure and hard to figure out.
Ambassador-at-Large Nathan Sales, the U.S. coordinator for counterterrorism, recently visited Mozambique and South Africa to see how the United States can help “contain, degrade and defeat” the growing movement.
Are these the behaviours of a wise or honest man?
Venezuela has threatened to eject U.S.-based oil giant ConocoPhillips from the country if it continues to resist the government's takeover of its multi-billion-dollar operations.
These outbursts from the sun, which eject energy in the form of magnetic fields and billions of tons of plasma gas known as "coronal mass ejections," are unpredictable and difficult to anticipate.
"The city lieth yonder," and he pointed over his shoulder toward the smoking mountains.
Gazprom, Russia’s giant state-owned energy company, is slated to finalize an agreement in 2022 for a second huge natural gas pipeline running from Siberia to China, marking yet another stage in what energy analysts and Western diplomats say is a fast-evolving gas pivot to Asia by Moscow.
Southerners are regarded as polite and easygoing and Midwesterners are considered self-reliant and conscientious.
The radical foreign policy shift by the leader of a longtime U.S. ally in the Pacific will not throw off course America's pivot to Asia, Kirby insisted, but he noted "many nations in the region are concerned and baffled."
Twelve-year-old Bethanie Borst started archery lessons seven weeks ago, after reading "The Hunger Games," a book featuring a young heroine who wields a bow.
The monarch butterfly is endangered.
We'll go next time.
The archery competition at the London Olympics came to a close Friday at Lord’s Cricket Ground.
A traditional Mongolian cultural festival — which features horseback racing, wrestling and archery — will be the highlight of Kerry's visit to promote cultural and people-to-people relations with Mongolia.
The town is protected by a golem.
The entrance to the cave is blocked by a dragon.
The cave is swarming with goblins.
It does the job.
While we do have a limit in place, it might not be strict enough.
I want to help you however I can.
All of these sneakers look great. However, I can only afford one pair.
I'm sorry to say that the warranty for your phone has expired. However, we can offer you a discount on your next purchase if you trade it in.
I know you want to save the world. However, you can only do your best and hope others do so too.
In winter, the crown is white, but there is a blackish patch about the eyes, and the bill and feet are dark.
The poet invokes the nymphs of the Tagus, and briefly describes his own shipwreck and other misfortunes.
Researchers have found a way to use a thin membrane to turn Australian-made hydrogen into ammonia.
As the sun sets, hundreds of people from nearby villages gather around a crackling bonfire to celebrate a unique event.
Organizers had poured gasoline on a wooden figure of a man, preparing for a bonfire that normally concludes the annual town carnival, north of the capital.
Parmenides wrote about 470 B. C. He is represented as a serious and influential man, with a high moral character. He exercised strong influence upon such philosophers as Plato and Democritus, and was a political power in the city of Elea, of which he was a native. He was not a stranger to the Pythagoreans. The large fragment of his poem is the most ancient monument extant of metaphysical speculation among the Greeks.
In a statement, the palace said, "After discussing the arrangements with the Royal Household, the Queen has asked The Prince of Wales to represent Her Majesty" at the Commonwealth Day service.
On behalf of the American people, I send my heartfelt congratulations to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej and the people of the Kingdom of Thailand as they celebrate the 70th anniversary of the King’s accession to the throne.
The test launch and landing of the starship prototype Tuesday ended in a crash for the second time since December.
Jelle Van Loon, of the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center, demonstrates a prototype hand planter.
A German tech company, along with French regional officials, have unveiled a prototype of a flying taxi that could begin demonstration flights in Paris as early as 2024.
You can upload pre-programmed images of ordinary people and, using just your thumbs on your PDA, give them a tummy tuck, a nose job, or tighter skin around their eyes.
I just want people to go to bed with a satiated tummy.
Archaeologists excavating a massive burial mound in northern Greece have found two marble sculptures of female figures and a large, colored marble panel in what appears to be the antechamber of the main room.
NASA showed off the first high-resolution, color portrait images taken by the Mars rover Curiosity, detailing a mound of layered rock where scientists plan to focus their search for the chemical ingredients of life on the Red Planet.
By reprogramming the testicle cells of 22 males between the ages of 17 - 81, researchers are coaxing them to begin the process of becoming muscle, bone and nerve cells.
In the foetus, prior to the descent of the testicle, the cremaster muscle does not exist.
When I make a promise to finish something, I want you to hold me to it. If you don't, I'll likely end up procrastinating.
All in all, the game of leapfrog is very easy compared to kickboxing.
I resigned myself to no longer complaining.
I resigned myself to restrain my feelings.
I decided to restrain my heart.
It's been one week.
That dog's got me wiped out.
The edibles just kicked in.
There used to be a garden here.
That part of the house didn't used to be there.
I fact-checked Tom.
I need to come here more often.
Our cats are bigger than that dog.
Wait a minute; that's not a cat. It's a dog!
It was good to see everyone.
What is causing this?
Nobody can explain this.
That's a great message.
I don't like the redesign.
Most people aren't like that.
It's very frustrating to see.
It really is fascinating.
We could get arrested for this.
That's the fundamental difference between the two.
That's a real problem.
They've been talking about it.
That seems kind of weird.
Why wouldn't he do that again?
They're not even trying to understand.
Tom Jackson is a public figure.
I don't think I was there.
He's gay for pay.
Immediately the great front door was opened by a flunky arrayed in shining silk clothes decorated with Teddy bears, parrots and goldfish embroidered in colors.
Streetcars, which look similar to train passenger coaches, clanged their bells, rattled around corners and carried almost 14 billion riders at their height in 1920.
Lower down in the atmosphere, these aerosols bump into each other and coagulate, and at the same time interact with other, neutral particles.
Lebanese Energy and Water Minister Cesar Abi Khalil billed it as a temporary but thrifty measure to reduce part of Lebanon's electricity deficit.
Sony's prices tend to be higher than its competition, but Japan's thrifty consumers and deflation are forcing it to rethink its pricing strategy.
In the 1990s, well into the computer era, personal computers were still unappealing beige boxes with clunky keys and a tangle of cables.
For Jake Teitelbaum, the plain beige socks he was given in the hospital summed up everything he hated about cancer treatment.
With this parchment that should be his buckler against any future need, Sir Oliver rode home, uplifted.
Although she grew up in a middle-class family with servants in Bolivia, she says she does not mind being a housekeeper herself now.
The latest assessment by the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification, a joint effort by eight U.N. and International non-governmental organizations, finds more than 1.8 million people in C.A.R. are facing an emergency food crisis.
The World Health Organization has listed "gaming disorder" as a new mental health problem on its 11th edition of International Classification of Diseases, released on Monday.
Left to explore on her own, Coraline is delighted to discover a tiny secret door hidden by wallpaper.
The dust, torn wallpaper, and a musty odor are all signs that it has been a long time since anyone has paid any attention to the vast maze of richly decorated chambers.
Students have since complained of living in cramped spaces with little food, in an embassy that has no kitchen and one shower with a broken spout and light fixture.
Then the paranoid symptoms appear; he imagines himself surrounded by envious enemies, who are conspiring against him.
A newcomer to acting, Yalitza Aparicio is in the running for Best Actress this Sunday at the Academy Awards.
They do a podcast together.
“Frame By Frame’s” Number One entry on the Country Albums chart makes her only the second newcomer to debut in the top spot this year.
Tom lives in a housing co-op.
Tom is a member of a housing co-op.
Tom squats in abandoned buildings.
Tom and Mary live in a squat.
What's the squatting scene like in Boston?
Thanks for breakfast.
I fact-checked Tom on the spot.
It was great seeing you.
We won't take it anymore.
This thing is nice.
It'll be a couple of months.
Winnie the Pooh lives there.
Winnie the Pooh is Tom's roommate.
Winnie the Pooh invented cocaine.
He says that every episode.
I had no idea how interesting sea stars were.
That was my grandpa.
Make fascists afraid again.
I always took the non-toll route.
That's the way I used to go to get to Boston.
I'm wearing the wrong kind of shoes for that.
It can wait until tomorrow.
Which one of us is making dinner tonight?
We're going to take your guns.
Winnie the Pooh is coming to take your guns.
Did we pass the exit?
Our entire department was crowded around the TV in the lunch room.
They're creating stunning works of art to force people to stop and appreciate the beauty of the universe.
I'll go ahead and set it down.
I enlisted in the Space Force.
Tom enlisted in the Space Force Reserve.
Tom is a reserve officer in the Space Force.
When the thing that will destroy humanity comes, it will be made with the best intentions, and we'll all buy into it willingly.
My flight to Canada doesn't leave for another couple hours.
Do you want Chinese?
Do you want Chinese food?
We're a long way away.
I'm actually not a cat.
George Lucas describes himself as a Buddhist Methodist.
There were a lot of great songs in the 90s.
What are they going to Boston for?
Winnie the Pooh joined the Space Force.
I met two new dogs.
I love people like that.
We're in a construction zone.
This is the right lane to be in.
Alright, dude.
We're on the highway.
This part of the state is gorgeous.
How many civilizations must have lived and died in galaxies that no longer exist?
There's a faint rainbow over there to the right.
We're the ones who need to switch lanes.
The view is picturesque.
That'll constipate you.
I saw a lightning bolt.
The anti-environmental lobby loves tilting at windmills.
Life is hard enough without that.
Tom and John adopted a daughter, Mary.
Tom taught John to swim by throwing him in the water.
Most of the rumors about Tom are disinformation meant to throw off the CIA.
It's flattering.
Boo!
It's enough, listen to me: you always want everything, right now!
What makes a flame blue?
I smell propane.
I smelled something.
I smell a gas leak.
Tom lit himself on fire.
You're right, and you should say it more often.
There's no steak there.
It's a vegan restaurant.
Tom named his son Sami after the Tatoeba character.
You're staying safe up there, right?
Tom is dumber than I thought.
Joe Rogan is a dumb meathead.
Press skip.
That was a good show.
There are ghosts in this house.
That alone was enough to scare the heck out of farmers and grocers everywhere.
The roadrunner gets its moisture largely from its omnivorous diet, which includes lizards and small rattlesnakes.
Despite being ranked a not-so-lofty 116 in the FIFA World Ranking Table, Vietnamese fans at any big soccer match can attest to high enthusiasm when it comes to supporting their country in international events.
On September 11, 2001, sculptor Michael Richards was working in his studio in the World Trade Center when a plane hit the floor he was on and killed him.
While wildfires continue to scorch the land on the western side of the United States, smoke has spread far beyond the edges of the blazes.
She passes from right to left, over the back of the tamer; allows him to raise her from the ground by the ears, and kisses her master’s throat near the nape of the neck.
In a news conference in Florida, Carson, a retired neurosurgeon, said he had talked with Trump and found that "there's a lot more alignment, philosophically and spiritually, than I ever thought that there was."
On a barren, windswept bluff high in the Panjshir Valley, Mr. Hakim continues to care for his fallen leader.
New Yorkers woke up to a wet and gray Tuesday, as they continued to grapple with their new reality.
As Americans continue to grapple with the economic downturn from the pandemic, state and city governments are providing funding to train job seekers in high-demand occupations.
The lead author of the study, Smithsonian Natural History Museum zoologist Karen Osborn, said in her research she kept coming across black fish that she could not quite photograph — she could only capture their silhouette.
A century of digging for gold has created a silhouette of mine dumps all around the South African city of Johannesburg.
The spokeswoman for the International Organization for Migration says the migrants are living under very flimsy, open structures.
In politics Mr. Seward favored a system which he compared to the ripe pear that detaches itself and falls into your hand.
The pilgrimage to the holy Amarnath cave, located at an altitude of approximately 13,000 feet in the south Kashmir Himalayas, ranges from a trek of about 8.7 to 29 miles, depending on the path taken.
Repaying debt leaves less money available for investment in new factories or infrastructure that could increase productivity and create jobs.
She said a mob, numbering about 200, who were supporting the cleric, beat, stoned and then set Usman ablaze before police officials intervened.
Tribal fighters in central Yemen have kept an oil pipeline ablaze and have damaged roads leading to it.
Lopotko said the light beam used by this rapid, non-invasive technology is less powerful than the familiar laser pointer and has been shown to be safe in volunteers.
Political analysts say the Bindura result, in which 56,000 people are eligible to vote, will be a pointer to how the voting goes in presidential elections next March.
The star Nu, which serves as a pointer to the Great Nebula, is itself worth some attention with a pretty strong glass on account of a pair of small stars near it.
Abortion is a human right.
Bodily autonomy is a human right.
Tom is a meathead.
Tom is easily impressed.
It's not every day that I know something you don't, so please let me explain it.
They cost peanuts.
Touch grass.
We made it back safe.
Joe Rogan is a famous right-wing commentator.
For once, Tom was right.
For once, Tom is right.
My goal is not to convince, but to inform.
The only living things we met upon these llanos were the jack rabbits and an occasional roadrunner, which birds were very tame.
Just then one of my eyes saw a roadrunner skipping down the hill with a young tarantula in his bill, and the other eye noticed a rabbit-hawk sitting on a dead limb in a water-elm.
The U.N.’s Food and Agriculture Organization is giving emergency supplies of wheat, teff and chickpea seed to 20,000 farming households affected by the conflict, OCHA said.
Customers continue to regularly shop at the market-bakery for homemade pita bread, bottles of specialty sauces, and the family’s famed hummus, or chickpea paste.
Opponents say the project will ruin a historically significant riverside site and harm the environment.
The Stevens family, however, continued to work at the subject, and by 1841 had determined by actual experiment the thickness of wrought-iron armour which was proof against the projectiles then in use.
Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all to stand.
Nothing could well resemble less a typical English street than the interminable avenue, rich in incongruities, through which our two travelers advanced—looking out on each side of them at the comfortable animation of the sidewalks, the high-colored, heterogeneous architecture, the huge white marble facades glittering in the strong, crude light, and bedizened with gilded lettering, the multifarious awnings, banners, and streamers, the extraordinary number of omnibuses, horsecars, and other democratic vehicles, the vendors of cooling fluids, the white trousers and big straw hats of the policemen, the tripping gait of the modish young persons on the pavement, the general brightness, newness, juvenility, both of people and things.
I've whistled to birds ever since I could pucker up my lips, and father taught me how—didn't you, father dear?
Authorities had initially authorized the march, but reversed themselves on Monday, citing fears it would degenerate into violence.
As Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte extended Italy’s lockdown until May 3, a special online exhibition of the Shroud of Turin is taking place on Holy Saturday to allow the faithful to pray for an end to the coronavirus pandemic.
Nepal's parliament on Sunday elected a Maoist candidate as the country's new prime minister.
Using NASA's Chandra X-ray telescope, which is able see through the shroud of dust and gas near black holes, astronomers have developed two theories.
Lisa Karanja, who compiled the group's latest study on domestic violence, explains abused women are often too scared to ask their partners to use a condom during sexual intercourse.
According to the World Health Organization, unprotected sexual intercourse between men and women is the predominant mode of HIV transmission.
The pre-Columbian aborigines of Porto Rico, Haiti, Jamaica, and Cuba were Arawaks, to judge from the toponymy of these islands.
Contingency plans in some countries include quarantining families when any family member contracts the disease.
In the time of the coronavirus, Vietnam has retooled a smartphone factory to churn out life-critical ventilators.
An Australian mining company says it could start exploring for coal seam gas next year beneath the country's most populous city, Sydney.
Digital mapping technology has been around for awhile, but it’s only recently that it’s been applied to art history.
I thought that was over.
China’s social media users have responded mostly positively to the sporting performances of their largest-ever contingent of foreign-born Olympic athletes, while appearing to keep mum on the sensitive issue of whether those athletes were allowed to keep their foreign nationalities.
Not all Jews are religious.
In a room filled with crates used to harvest honey, Panella is quick to philosophize about migration, human compassion and more.
South Korea's communications commission (KCC) says a distributed denial of services (DDoS) attack, a common way to overload computer servers making websites unreachable, was not the reason computers at broadcasters and banks became paralyzed.
Step on the dance pad to the beat to hit the arrows scrolling up the screen.
Despite the piles of investment money thrown at the project, the company has yet to come out with a viable product.
It's hard to hear you over the sound of a hundred nukes going off.
We stumbled to the window, where we could see nuclear mushrooms blooming across the horizon.
You know, I think I learnt a valuable lesson today.
I grew up thinking it's not okay to talk about your feelings, like it's a sign of weakness. If you get sad, people will just tell you to man up.
Forcing happiness in the short term makes you feel worse in the long term.
Tom took my seat.
Tom took Mary's seat.
Tom saved a seat for Mary.
We have enough for more.
We might have enough.
We might have enough for more.
Her seemingly generous actions turned out to be motivated purely by profit.
"I stole beans but I peeled them skilfully", said Lounes Matoub when he was reproached for being inspired by the chaâbi musical genre; it is still necessary to know that the Kabyles are part of its pioneers and continue to shape it.
There is no night that the day does not finish lighting up.
There is no night that does not end in the brightness of the day.
There is no night that does not end in daylight.
Tall and striking, with a black and gold embroidered shirt and a glittering brown bonnet, she blends in easily with the trendy, after-work crowd.
The story becomes a deft blend of tragedy and comedy, such as when Depp, as Barrie, arrives at the Davies London home wearing a feathered American Indian war bonnet and carrying a quacking toy duck.
We kept it hung up on a high nail in the dining-room; but one day, when we called Carlo to have his bonnet put on before he went out, there was no bonnet to be found.
But with the censor law in place, Ng said filmmakers are already looking at alternative channels to showcase their productions and get around censors.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo has been a fixture in U.S. Democratic Party circles for decades before his downfall and coming resignation amid allegations that he sexually harassed 11 women, including some of his own aides, at the state capital in Albany.
Banisadr, who returned to Iran with the founder of the Islamic Republic Ayatollah Khomeini after the downfall of Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi in 1979, was elected with the support of his mentor Khomeini in 1980.
DNS, or Domain Name System, is a directory that links domain names with machine readable internet protocol addresses.
Some eighty percent of the telephone numbers in the base were drawn randomly from public access telephone directory lists.
The special U.S. envoy to the Horn of Africa is reportedly stepping away from the post with the region engulfed in political and humanitarian crises.
Human rights violations, misogyny and exclusion are widespread and systematic.
Blinken said in a statement Wednesday that the 10 countries "engaged in or tolerated systematic, ongoing, egregious violations of religious freedom."
"I use wheat alongside oats and yam flour to produce that particular one," Orizu said.
While her husband, Dave, is able to continue growing his crops of corn, soybeans, hay and oats, she has been home with time on her hands.
Rather than a 2-year, maize-soybean rotation, they grew a 4-year rotation that included two other commercially valuable crops: oats and alfalfa.
A U.S. entrepreneur is taking advantage of a demand for American goods in Africa - creating an online portal for direct trade between the two continents.
The animals roam freely, oblivious to the dangers that face them, especially from poachers.
A gymnasium of a government department has been transformed into the operations center for a grassroots relief effort named Operation Walangiwanan — meaning “no one gets left behind.”
"Can't you compromise?" "We already compromised. This is the compromise."
Tom isn't very confrontational.
Divorce is a human right.
I woke up with a cat sleeping next to my feet.
Tom is a broken man.
I haven't seen the latest episode yet, so I'll need to be careful to avoid spoilers online.
The Journal also cites Chicago Tribune music writer Greg Kot, who said the phrase took hold in the '80s, and presumably gained a more negative connotation, among indie-rock fans "having their sneer at mainstream classic rock."
Instead of a wagging tail and what looks like a happy smile that dogs project, cats sneer at us haughtily, and sometimes they seem to squint and look inscrutably wise.
After experiencing symptoms for the first time this morning, I tested positive for COVID-19 shortly thereafter, and will now quarantine for the next 10 days.
Some states could activate their anti-abortion laws immediately, with others following shortly thereafter.
I fancied that it would not be very difficult to thrash him, but found that I had made a great mistake.
Health workers had removed her four kids the night before when they came by and found her convulsing.
These machines will thrash out more than 100 bags of wheat or barley in a working day.
Rescue crews working through the night have so far managed to evacuate some 3,500 drivers on a key motorway that homeland security forces promised ahead of the storm to keep open, but didn’t, leaving thousands of motorists stranded in snow, with rescue crews blocked from accessing those in distress.
The Chinese are helping Pakistan build the motorway linking the northwestern border city of Peshawar to the southern port of Karachi, which Kabul uses for its international trade.
The vehicle was immobilized by water that engulfed an underpass on a main motorway, nearly submerging the vehicle and its passengers not far from the center of Athens.
Meanwhile, government and rebel faction representatives are expected to sign a follow-up agreement this weekend in Sudan's capital, Khartoum.
Officials of the South Sudan Democratic Movement/Cobra Faction, formerly led by David Yau Yau, have vowed to wage war again against the government of President Salva Kiir because it allegedly has not lived up to its side of a peace agreement signed in 2014.
From the outside came a murmur of guttural voices, or the occasional sound of moccasined feet passing to and fro.
There is still a chasm between Ukraine and Russia after days of video talks which have been led by Ukraine’s defense minister Oleksii Reznikov and Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak.
The protests not only highlight how environmental activism is growing in this country where speaking out about touchy topics can easily land one in jail, but the need for more transparency.
The 14-day festival also features classes and workshops for beginning students of the sensual dance.
In announcing the Nobel, the Swedish academy praised Le Clezio for what it described as his "poetic adventure and sensual ecstasy" - singling out one of his works in particular, the 1980 novel, Desert.
Last month, the head of South Korea’s Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries (MOF), Kim Young-suk, told local broadcaster KBS the salvage may not be completed this year “in a worst-case scenario.”
Salvage workers have begun an effort to upright the wrecked cruise ship Costa Concordia, which ran aground 20 months ago off the coast of Italy.
The national instrument of the Phrygians was the flute, and it is worthy of remark that up to a very late period flute-players at Athens were usually distinguished by Phrygian names.
Social networks are a big part of our lives, but opinions diverge when it comes to how effective they are in fostering interpersonal relationships.
The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader said he thinks Trump’s actions as president could diverge from some of the more divisive words spoken during the campaign.
I grieve with you for your loss and suffering; and humbly and respectfully ask for your forgiveness.
Inspectors general are an essential tool in helping Congress execute its constitutional oversight of the executive branch, and any time one is terminated, it naturally will raise some questions.
He works day and night.
He is working day and night.
Cookie headbutted Tom.
I would love to help, but I have too much on my plate at the moment.
The anus is the first body part to develop in the womb.
"All of the dance pads on the market are either very expensive or have very low build quality." "That's not true. Some of them are both!"
Foxes are so adorable!
This game is truly awful. In fact, I'd go as far as to say that it's the worst game ever created.
The anus is the first body part to develop in the womb, meaning at some point, we are all nothing but an asshole.
On every side, far as the eye could reach, was a long expanse of flat sand, merging into the sea-line, with not a vestige of rock to afford foothold or shelter for wild-fowl of any kind.
On a windswept barren mountainside, several kilometers east of Gardez, a few hundred men huddle against the cold.
India's opposition Congress Party workers celebrated Saturday as Rahul Gandhi from India's famous Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty took over as president of the party.
During the 22nd dynasty, pharaonic priests would hide coffins if they feared robbery and looting.
China's 1911 Xinhai revolution marked the overthrow of the Qing dynasty and abruptly ended 2000 years of almost uninterrupted dynastic rule.
For decades, looking for life elsewhere in the universe meant listening for signals that could be from distant civilizations. But recent breakthroughs in space technology refocused some of that effort toward finding planets that may harbor life, even in its primitive form.
Scientists created an audio track of Earth’s magnetic fields interacting with a barrage of high-energy particles from the Sun by taking magnetic wave data gathered by the European Space Agency’s CLUSTER mission and transforming them into audible sounds.
Manned deep space missions are still a long way off, but space agencies are already testing procedures, equipment and human stamina for operations in extreme environment conditions.
The World Health Organization reports the surge of the fast-spreading Omicron variant in Africa appears to have peaked and is flattening in most African countries.
Although exercise could improve some chronic medical conditions, such as diabetes, obesity and congestive heart failure, those patients often lack the stamina to work out.
They have a snout, or rostrum, that looks like a hedge-trimmer or a chainsaw.
Lythronax argestes possesses several unique features, a short narrow snout with a wide back of the skull and forward-oriented eyes.
"The key for figuring out what a crocodile is eating is the shape of its snout and, even more importantly, the shape of its teeth," he says.
Conservation groups agree that, instead of being beneficial, gill plates may be harmful to human health because they contain arsenic, cadmium, and other lethal metals.
A group of students stands at a platform, craning their necks to catch a glimpse of the train as it streams in. They say they have come to see what a state of the art transportation system is all about.
I remember noticing that the white camellia was the same color as her smooth forehead “that looked like marble and smelt like myrrh”, that the red camellia matched the color in her cheeks and lips.
Although NASA’s newest Mars rover, Curiosity, has hogged most of the attention since landing on the Red Planet nearly two years ago, Opportunity, the space agency’s Mars rover, which preceded its newer sibling by about 8 years, is the one to set a new record.
Now, however, that they had received the command to rest and sleep (and to gainsay the Father's commands was a thing that would never have entered their minds), they were willing enough to obey, and had hardly laid themselves down before they fell into a deep slumber, from which neither awoke until the light of day had long been shining upon the world, and the Father stood beside them bidding them rise and follow him.
I don't still believe everything I've ever said.
I hadn't seen my uncle in forever.
There is no canonical version of Tom.
Order the new Tom doll in any size, shape and color you like!
That was vague.
Everyone wins!
They're so tall!
My pants are already dirty, so I might as well sit on the ground.
How does the lake feel right now? Is it cold?
Is the lake still cold?
This post was removed for violating the Terms of Service.
Pass me that sponge.
Could you pass me that sponge?
I didn't know you were left-handed.
I might as well head that way.
I'd like a large vegan pepperoni pizza.
You have violated the Terms of Service.
Could you shut that fan off?
Who's this little rascal?
Can you pick up a tomato?
“He who does not know cannot know,” said Saint Augustine (Aurelius Augustinus).
As the process of union along the median line may err by a defect or omission, so may it, on the other hand, err by an excess of fulfilment, as, for example, when the urethra, the vagina, or the anus are found to be imperforate.
Systemic and local hygiene has supplanted drugs and surgery in the treatment of diseases of the anus, rectum, sigmoid flexure, and vermiform appendix.
An aggregate of this bark compressed into a stopper shape is forced into the anus as a treatment for piles.
A participant attempts to roll a straw bale from one place to the next as quickly as possible at the Straw Bale Olympics in Ludwigsburg, Germany.
So I took my faithful Corona and five bottles of ink and a box of matches and a bale of paper and began to work upon the first volume.
At the same time the king sent a bale, with other men of distinction, to Pandarani, to conduct the captain-major to where the king awaited him.
But many people choose a different approach to dealing with hair loss. One of them is a transplant. Dr. Robert Bernstein, associate professor of dermatology at Columbia University in New York, says that this surgical procedure has been perfected to the degree that people cannot tell the difference between transplanted hair and natural hair.
“Droughts, intense rainfalls, cyclones, rising sea levels — all of these things conspire almost uniquely against sub-Saharan Africa,” explained Orme.
The ADB says job creation in the Asia-Pacific region is limited by a number of factors, including weaknesses in basic infrastructure and financial systems, and regulatory barriers that conspire to restrain investment and job growth.
Rather openly, we say that fat people are jolly, sloppy, self-indulgent, not to be taken seriously.
We are really saddened because she was in good health, she was actually jolly this afternoon.
Matheson says ethnic tensions continue to simmer despite the outward calm.
Amazing discoveries continue to be made among the famed Nazca Lines of southern Peru, and archaeologists recently revealed the never-before seen figure of a giant cat etched into a hillside in the desert.
Elephant crop-raiding continues to be a major source of human-wildlife conflict in Kenya, so one elephant researcher is helping to alleviate the problem near Tsavo East National Park with beehive fences, which use elephants’ natural aversion to bees to deter them from farms.
Amnesty International said the drop in executions was driven by growing aversion to the death penalty around the world, in particular in sub-Saharan Africa where 20 countries have abolished the practice and others are taking steps to repeal it.
“Aww, they’re so cute,” says a traveler who passes some therapy dogs that strut like runway models along a United Airlines concourse with their pet parents at Dulles International Airport outside Washington.
Please do what's necessary.
Please do the needful.
Traditional culture has rebounded as can be seen by the popularity of lezginka — a dance where women float like long-necked swans, and men strut like eagles, wearing swords and imitation cartridge belts.
The menu included an appetizer of piperade followed by marmitako, a stew made with bluefin tuna caught by hand in the nearby fishing town of Saint-Jean-de-Luz.
Most of these cashews will be processed in India — the major center for cashew production — before being used in local cuisine or exported to the West, as an appetizer.
He promises to indulge soon, perhaps at one of Bihar's roadside hotels where the rodent, served roasted, known as patal-bageri, is already a popular appetizer.
Somebody stole what they must've thought was a valuable package off my porch, but it was actually full of rocks and rigged with a glitter bomb.
The composure with which she filled the throne, while waiting the Commons, was a test of character, — no fidget and no apathy.
The first act had been received coldly; the cast was nervous, and the house, critical as a first-night audience always is, had begun to fidget.
Do not fidget, playing with your rings, brooch, or any little article that may be near you; let your hands rest in an easy, natural position, perfectly quiet.
The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that a former air marshal who disclosed sensitive information to the news media did not violate the law and is entitled to whistleblower protection.
Class debates are common in American schools, offering students an opportunity to marshal their arguments and defend their point of view.
Alex Jarrett discovered that he lived within a few kilometers of the place where the 43 degree north latitude line crosses the 72 degree west longitude line.
A U.N. panel of experts warns that while Syria’s 10 year long civil conflict may have fallen off the world’s media spotlight, the fighting and suffering of millions of people is far from over.
Before you put even a morsel of food in your mouth — a potato chip, a stick of gum, a beefsteak dinner — you flip open your camera phone, snap a picture of the item, and e-mail it to a dietician.
The Vedders during the course of a few centuries of social prominence had acquired that air of superiority which impresses, and also frequently offends.
A dry morsel with a quiet house, is better than plenty of provision with grumbling.
He said laws should not coerce but protect public health while protecting human rights.
Many locals are blaming oil and gas extraction for the powerful tremor.
Citizens woke up about 6:30 Sunday morning to a loud noise and tremor.
This automated alarm is triggered by the initial elastic P-wave of a tremor, which immediately precedes the slower but more destructive secondary wave, which then shakes the ground back and forth perpendicular to the direction it is moving.
Ah! mayst thou ever be what now thou art, nor unbeseem the promise of thy spring, as fair in form, as warm yet pure in heart, Love's image upon earth without his wing, and guileless beyond Hope's imagining!
Rebel commanders also bristle at what they say is the Western media’s uncritical reporting of the YPG, much of it focused on the Kurdish group’s embrace of secularism and the presence of young women fighters in its ranks.
Many New Yorkers bristle at the notion that the site where the Twin Towers once stood has become a major tourist attraction.
Sappho's surviving works are mostly fragmentary.
The evidence for this is fragmentary and could have other interpretations.
Tom and Mary went skinny-dipping in the river to break up the tedium of everyday life.
He couldn't come up with a pithy barb on the spot.
He said some of the first signs of Hepatitis B are vomiting, fever, and constipation.
According to Delroy L. Paulhus and Kevin M. Williams, the "dark triad" of personality traits consists of narcissism, Machiavellianism, and psychopathy.
Her loquacious new beau was there, talking everyone's heads off.
The online group was asked to report symptoms at least once a week — sooner if they had a problem — and given a list of common ones such as appetite loss, constipation, cough, diarrhea, shortness of breath, fatigue, hot flashes, nausea or pain.
In the past week, officials have closed an infamous detention center and released 11 jailed journalists and politicians.
They come to the island of Alcatraz to tour the dark cells of probably the most infamous American prison.
This is a disheartening step backward for the international movement to end violence against women globally.
May He who wetted you water us!
In his book Cat's Cradle, Kurt Vonnegut said that "science is magic that works."
Not to be rude, but didn't you say that last year?
"Want to go swimming in the lake?" "Is the Pope Catholic?"
As a native English speaker, it was hard for Tom to learn to fully pronounce each vowel in a word.
Tom's grandparents were beatniks.
Sure, but if everything about the world were completely different, I'd be right.
When are you free next week?
I prefer afternoons or evenings.
What times are available on Monday?
It'd be extremely helpful.
I was at my parents' for a week again recently.
I'll listen to it a little later.
People can really only do that for themselves.
I'm almost certain that people have gotten PhDs from dissertations on phallic symbolism in the Bible.
I think you've got the workings of a great college essay.
The piece was on Boston Jewish progressives being unsure how to respond to The Mapping Project, because most knew it was antisemitic but didn't want to help the Zionists.
It was so depressing and familiar.
It's a popular song based off of something Rabbi Nachman of Breslov wrote in Hebrew.
It's completely fine.
It's completely fine. Thanks for your help.
I'm a Millennial.
It's a Gen Z word for "awesome."
I found that longer sentence while searching for it on Google, though I think the context I found it in might have been different.
They made a funny joke, though.
The email kind of reeked of desperation.
The thing is, though, I don't think it'll make a difference.
That money is a lot to me, but not to a large organization.
Biden got COVID again.
I never thought of it quite like that.
At its best, postmodernism is a stance of humility with regard to our ability to correctly understand reality.
"How are you?" "I've been better."
The "groomer" moral panic is a revival of a very ancient homophobic and transphobic libel, found in cultures across the world, where homosexuality is equated with pederasty.
Everything's great here.
Take your time. Your health is most important.
Thank you! I feel the same.
"How are you?" "I've been much worse."
Monkeypox spreads through close contact.
Despite the clear advantages of the new approach, bureaucratic red tape has prevented it from becoming an official standard.
Nichelle Nichols has passed away.
According to Judaism, wicked souls are purified in Gehinnom, which lasts no longer than a year, before going on to Gan Eden (Paradise).
Only the rich get credit.
Some legal experts say these frivolous cases — which appear to be motivated by greed rather than just cause — are clogging U.S. courts and undermining confidence in the U.S. justice system.
Frisian, Low Saxon, Limburgish, Romani, and Yiddish have protected status under the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.
The clock will tick only once each year, go bong once a century, and once a millennium, it will send out a cuckoo.
It took Julia and her two daughters five years to get from Kasaï, in the Democratic Republic of Congo, to a cot on the floor of a migrant shelter in San Antonio, Texas.
The Washington Post-ABC News poll shows 57 percent of Americans disapprove of the way the president is dealing with the economy.
The OECD, representing 34 of the world's biggest economies, said economic growth is firming in the United States, the world's largest economy.
Demonstrations typically elicit a strong response that has in the past included the use of tear gas, pepper spray, rubber bullets, and live ammunition against participants, and occasionally have devolved into looting, vandalism and acts of arson.
But at least one local artisan has found a way to make something positive and even beautiful from the debris left by the storm.
Students have built seats and shelters for local bus stops, created giant pizza ovens, and restored the ironwork on gates created by Philip Simmons, renowned Charleston ironwork artisan and one of the founders of ACBA.
At Honest Chocolate, in Cape Town, South Africa, artisan chocolatier Anthony Grid keeps the temperature of his raw chocolate below 42 degrees.
That cannot be called a success which leaves the most difficult part of the task unaccomplished, nor can it be wise to allow difficulties to amass and accumulate, if they can be mastered in detail as they present themselves.
On February 13, 2023, the Equatoguinean Ministry of Health and Social Welfare confirmed an outbreak of Marburg Virus Disease (MVD), and on March 21, 2023, Tanzania’s Ministry of Health confirmed a separate outbreak of MVD.
For abusing power to amass wealth by corrupt means, he and his two sons, who have been named co-defendants, face five- to 15-year sentences.
Kuta's beach is one of the most picturesque on an island known for its sublime beaches and warm tropical waters.
She said her agency would not yank the drug off the market without good reason.
I didn't want to yank her out of this environment because she loves it here.
No eating or drinking is permitted in the restrooms.
To avoid freeze-drying my fingers, I yank them out, while Ms. Walters adds liquid nitrogen to the tank.
A virtual reality viewer that works with a smartphone and motion-tracking gloves that let workers scan inventory while management monitors production were just a couple of the new gadgets on display at a tech developers conference sponsored by Intel this week in San Francisco.
It is short, concise, and straight to the point so that the viewer will be able to get their daily dose of news in less time.
You would say that, Tom.
You smell like strawberries.
The common hoopoe is recognisable by its elongate body; long, slender, slightly curved, and pointed beak (which is much compressed at its sides); and short powerful foot armed with blunt claws.
Time was, it is said, when the Hoopoe had no crest, and he only got one granted by royal favour.
Not every story has a Hollywood ending.
Monkeypox spreads via skin-to-skin contact.
I can pick it up for you if you want.
I've been better and been worse.
Not much is new, just the news—and it's terrible.
Other than that, I'm just putting one foot in front of the other.
I've heard of Tom Jackson; I may have seen him on social media.
It's not a big deal if you can't sign up.
It's fine; I understand.
I haven't watched much of it, though.
It's so old school.
I read that it's going to be more episodic and have fewer arcs.
Hummingbirds are very small when they're not using their wings.
Honestly, at this point, fuck Tom.
All I've seen Tom offer is vibes.
Five years ago, said this community health worker, the facility was “very far away” from being a place of compassion and the “oasis of hope” she now describes it as.
In Washington, D.C., one organization is hoping the ancient practice of “gleaning” can help build a much-needed oasis for people living in those deserts.
She saw the two men seat themselves side by side, and the footman close the door and take his place beside the chauffeur.
But despite its unconventional construction and inexpensive price, the microscope called the Foldscope is pretty powerful and can magnify samples by 2,000 times.
Ahead of the first round of French municipal elections Sunday — still on track, despite the coronavirus outbreak — bread-and-butter issues like fighting crime and increasing affordable housing rank high.
The then-mayor imposed vaccine mandates on municipal and private sector workers last year.
In Thailand, the Giant African Snail, once condemned as a slimy pest that ruins crops, is now being bred for the same reason some people found them so unappealing in the first place — their slime.
An immediate challenge, she says, is whether the political elite can find “some kind of equilibrium that is good for the stability of the country.”
He described, as an example, teaching students about sensors and micro-controllers, so that they can tinker with potential products that are part of the internet of things.
It is an important match for the hosts, while the Americans will have a chance to tinker with their line-up.
A marine biologist, Mr. Palumbi says, at present, environmental researchers and institutions conduct specific investigations — each of which provides a snapshot of a particular facet of the ecology for a particular time period.
Forecasters said the storm was bringing snow, sleet and freezing rain to Midwestern and Southern states, where temperatures were expected to be 20 to 40 degrees below average.
The harsh winter mix of snow, sleet and freezing rain has left more than 300,000 people without power from the southwestern U.S. state of Texas to the northeastern U.S. state of Maine.
I would like to use this moment to beseech our government to prioritize the return of all nationals kidnapped or wrongfully detained abroad.
I beseech you to know one thing that over 300 Indian people in my crew have put their blood, sweat and tears into my film.
"We beseech, we implore the administration to work with us to nominate someone who Democrats can support and who America can be proud of," he added.
My uncle Tom is an alien from Alpha Centauri.
Tom and Mary often slow-blink at each other like cats.
This thing has a safety feature built in, I'll bet.
I think it's better that you get your sleep, and we'll deal with it afterwards.
Gender-confirming surgery has a regret rate of 1%, much lower than for most other surgeries, which average 14%.
I don't own the house I live in.
I've got French lessons at 2:30.
I've got a dentist's appointment at 2:30.
Tom has a certain kindness to him.
We rent.
Tom usually doesn't do that here.
Tom usually doesn't do that around people he doesn't know.
What all came in the box?
Do you need me to move?
I love how simple it is.
This is going to be so good.
We need to take it back.
Tom usually looks so disheveled.
Tom usually doesn't do that for people he doesn't know.
Pizza is good.
"Are you OK with pizza or do you want something else?" "Pizza's good."
Donate now!
I think they dated for about a week.
He's a big fan.
Cats have triangular ears.
Tom had a brain aneurysm.
Tom suffered an aortic dissection and passed away.
Collect them all!
Change my mind.
Is Tom a reliable narrator?
The mushroom people told me.
The forest spirits told me.
Dorian, with Category 1 winds of 140 kilometers an hour, largely spared the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico in the Caribbean, but is gaining strength as it continues on a northwesterly path over the open, warm waters of the Atlantic on a projected course toward the U.S. mainland.
Pregnant women who take certain omega-3 fatty acid supplements can reduce by one-third the risk that their offspring will develop asthma, according to a new study.
According to Piomelli, when fatty foods are swallowed and hit the upper digestive tract, they trigger the production of endocannabinoids.
Misty and rainy much of the year, the tiny town has the perfect climate for Edward and his 'family' who need to avoid sunlight.
At a concert at the Asia Society in New York this spring, he performed with three friends—who played the tabla drums, the harmonium and the flute.
Invariant virtue appears to be as mechanical as uninterrupted vice, for true excellence changes with conditions.
She says saying things like "our product reduces your carbon footprint" is hopelessly vague and pompous.
From the rising cost of housing, food and commodities to the ongoing pandemic, global warming and shifting geopolitical loyalties, myriad challenges at home and abroad were not lost on Yoon, who up until early spring of last year worked as a career prosecutor and lawyer.
Police inspector-general Khalid suggested the leaks could be part of “a conspiracy to subvert Malaysia’s democratic process and topple the prime minister.”
Statues of Confederate president Jefferson Davis and Confederate Gen. Williams Carter Wickham as well as a Christopher Columbus statue were toppled by demonstrators in recent weeks.
Cyber criminals could soon unleash a wave of ransomware attacks targeting U.S. hospitals and health care providers, according to a statement released by three federal agencies.
Russia’s nuclear saber-rattling has the attention of top U.S. intelligence officials, some of whom are expressing growing concern about the Kremlin’s willingness to unleash some of its nuclear arsenal as it faces “potential desperation” in Ukraine.
The original city of Cirta or Kirta, the capital of the Numidian kings, has entirely disappeared, and no traces are now left of the splendid palace of Syphax, or of the fine buildings that Micipsa is said to have built here.
Some analysts predict the probe could be headed for an epic climax in 2019 that could have a huge impact on the next presidential race in 2020.
A five-year-long debate over U.S. agriculture policy neared a climax this week as controversial farm legislation moved toward a final vote in the U.S. Senate.
What sparked the battle between the Ayr and Marehan clans remains unclear, but the two rival groups have had a history of repeated disputes about pasture rights, water wells and other clan disagreements.
Last week, police swept up 20 clan members in dawn raids across the Italian capital using intelligence given to them from ex-wives of clansmen who turned fully cooperating informants.
There's a sense of joy in the evening, as newborn turtles wriggle out of their nest and waddle to the ocean to begin their lives.
This proverb means something like "be careful of the company you keep, as their bad habits are sure to rub off on you."
What was the thing you said about Tom?
This is an idiom.
"Ihr" and "ihr alle" are both possible translations of the English "you all."
People move around; get used to it.
This is mocking certain people's inability to engage with any political topic without comparing it to Harry Potter.
This sort of racist incitement shouldn't be acceptable.
Do you have an objection to the source, or a relevant piece of evidence to refute the claim?
This is used for welcoming a group to an event, and is not used as a welcome to only one person.
The simple present is mainly used for habitual actions, or occasionally when telling a story.
If your bar lets in one Nazi, it's now a Nazi bar.
If your website allows one person to say "Kill that (racial slur)," it's now a website for inciting violence against minorities.
In case you couldn't tell, I love to eat.
Pokroy, who herself boasts a mane of wavy, flame-colored locks, described her experience in Holland as amazing.
All through this tall, wavy grass, down to the very edge of the pond, grew many flowers,—violets, and buttercups, and dandelions, like little golden suns.
Sensor-packed robots are changing how movies and commercials are made.
The 12-minute flight, 100 kilometers to the edge of space and back, was a test of a number of new technologies, including two NASA precision descent and landing sensor systems, which could be used in future landers on the moon and Mars, and are able to intelligently identify and avoid potential hazards on target landing zones.
Among the findings are well-preserved paintings, funerary objects, sacred oil jars, and symbolic limestone gates to the afterlife.
Aboriginal tools discovered in a limestone cave in northern Australia are thought to be more than 35,000 years old, deepening understanding of Australia’s original residents.
After failing to coax Washington to stick with the Iran nuclear deal, and facing protests at home over his labor and pension reforms, French President Emmanuel Macron may find solace Thursday in Germany, where he will be given a prestigious European award for another key ambition: far-reaching goals to reform and revamp the European Union.
Rebound cases occur in a small percentage of patients who take the standard five-day course of Paxlovid, a pill produced by Pfizer and authorized to treat high-risk patients.
Africa's network of airlines could take up to three years to rebound from the devastating impact of coronavirus-related travel restrictions, say industry insiders.
European Union officials are forecasting an economic rebound within the bloc later, by mid-year, as long as there is progress in combatting the coronavirus pandemic.
Political expert Awol Allo says the issue can be resolved if the two governments can muster enough political will.
There were some half-dozen people in the room who had been there when he arrived, and a number of others had come and gone in the interim.
Since 2000, when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave approval to the world's first robotic surgical system, almost 4,000 of these sophisticated machines have been deployed in operating suites around the world.
Imperialism is good when Russia and China do it.
Firefighters in the Polish capital, Warsaw, evacuated passengers Sunday from flooded vehicles on the city's busiest motorways.
The half-dozen passengers buckle up their seat belts as the twin-engine plane spirals down from the sky in a corkscrew motion over Baghdad's main airport.
Can we agree that imperialism is bad anywhere, even if the imperialists belong to the specific global power bloc that we were born into?
Federal and state health officials are baffled by a mysterious and rare illness that seems to target children, causing paralysis.
Scientists say this one success is far from a magic pill for those living with paralysis but say this is an important step.
After his death, Dana Reeve became the driving force of the foundation they co-founded to help find better treatment for paralysis victims.
A pair of giant pandas that China gave to Taiwan nearly five years ago saw its first cub born Saturday.
Being a billionaire is immoral.
No one earns a billion dollars.
Elon Musk buys the rights to things other people invented and claims he invented them.
When Chen's rescue of a wolf cub is discovered, he faces the ire of the villagers who don’t want such a creature in their midst.
If China is socialist, why does it have a non-zero number of billionaires?
Four leopard cubs, a bear cub, a monkey, and a red-cheeked gibbon were found sedated and packed into small cages.
Elon Musk was born rich on account of his family's gemstone mining business in Zambia.
Elon Musk didn't start PayPal or Tesla.
Police, army personnel, and independent contractors used sledge hammers, saws and cranes in the effort to reach dozens of people trapped in the rubble.
Protesters with sledge hammers eventually knocked down much of the wall, scenes of which symbolized the quest for lasting freedom in Europe.
Famed for its strong, yet delicate, aroma, Kampot pepper can range from intensely spicy to mildly sweet.
You're just full of piss and vinegar today, aren't you?
I know, Tom.
We have enough lemonade.
Since they no longer fear communism, Western countries have been steadily rolling back the social safety nets and worker protections they implemented to stop its advance.
The Internet is forever.
Tom hates hearing his own voice on a recording.
Poetry is a cat made of houses.
Gay and trans people are part of the same movement because both exhibit behavior that does not conform to traditional gender roles, and are persecuted for it.
Since traditional gender roles include enforced heterosexuality, gay and trans people are natural allies.
Many trans people are also gay or bi.
Many gay and bi people are also trans.
You're looking pleased with yourself.
The artist released her works into the public domain.
I'm a translator, not a doctor.
I'm a writer, not a translator.
While this is a breaking change, no actual effect should be visible.
Importantly, this approach moderates the rate of change, so impacts and threats can be measured and monitored.
The musician releases her less successful works into the public domain.
They have neither cut nor chopped wood, but they are the first to warm up.
So what's going on with that project you were working on?
Tom is gay for pay.
Godzilla attacked Boston.
We're having a fundraiser to raise money for victims of Godzilla.
Tom is looking pleased with himself.
The cat meowed plaintively.
I don't bother centipedes and they don't bother me.
I coexist with centipedes.
I'm a translator, not an interpreter.
Tom's parents were goth in high school.
I hate to say it, but Tom's right.
It's all clear now.
The patterns are everywhere.
Life is a scam.
Pretzels are salty.
Tom is literally always baked.
It's my goal in life to be more like Tom.
Tom isn't successful.
Tom's oratory skills were second to none.
I question the intrinsic value of nihilism.
"Sorry, I'm just fishing for compliments." "It's OK to want validation."
Tom is Mary's paramour.
Tom's paramour Mary studies the history of claims of telepathy.
The car's engine is tractable.
The teacher picked up the yardstick and measured.
Mr. Jackson picked up a yardstick and measured.
Oratory is stage magic.
We're all on stipends.
Tom usually doesn't do that in front of people he doesn't know.
Tom can't use telepathy on people he hasn't met in person.
Mistakes have great didactic value.
Then, in the middle of the Tasman Sea, the 98-foot yacht's progress was temporarily halted when it ran into a giant sunfish.
The worldwide economy is still sluggish, but industry analysts say that fickle, reluctant consumers can be persuaded to buy some of the new devices.
But for all the surrounding bucolic beauty, farmers and smallholders in northern Lazio, as in much of rural Italy, are becoming alarmed at the increasingly fickle weather with erratic rainfall, spring frost, tempestuous wind and summer drought.
The boy, then just two years old, was saved by his Indian nanny, Sandra Samuel, who grabbed him and fled the building that the militants had stormed.
The family she worked for as a nanny did not vaccinate their children and encouraged her to do the same.
Pancakes have also been around for a very long time. Researchers believe the world's oldest naturally preserved human mummy ate a pancake-like food as one of his last meals.
A chandelier shaped like a basketball net, by American artist David Hammons, a slow-burning wax replica of a 16th century sculpture aimed to melt completely in six months, the works of Chinese-born painter Xinyi Cheng and British artist Lynette Yiadom-Boakye — the Pinault Collection is an eclectic mix of contemporary art.
On Monday evening, Armenians still reeling from the dramatic turn of events reacted with everything from smug determination to exuberant optimism to deep skepticism.
Beijing-based conservation expert Zhou Jinfeng told the Associated Press the sandstorm was caused by heavy winds from Mongolia and Inner Mongolia blowing the desert’s fine particles into the capital overnight, turning the air a hazy yellow color.
The next day brought a similar scene, grey skies with a hazy sun not falling below the horizon, but simply fading out while up in the sky.
We're all furries here.
People with preexisting conditions, who are already urged to restrict travel because of the coronavirus, are encouraged to avoid outdoor activities when the dust turns the skies hazy.
For instance, a wind-powered chariot he designed was never built, but it incorporated gears, something that we use every day in our cars.
No statue hewn of marble in monumental effigy was ever half so fair; and within that surpassing form dwelt a soul true, tender, self-devoted, and affectionate as ever warmed a human breast.
Cookie is our oldest cat. He's named after a dog we once had.
Cookie is our oldest cat.
Cookie is named after a dog we once had.
Latin was more strictly pro-drop than any of its descendants.
The Romance languages are the manner by which Latin remains alive.
"My bad." "You're fine."
Orbán and Trump are trying to form a new Axis.
A report by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, UNCTAD, calls on African countries to broaden their exports beyond commodities if they are to escape poverty.
We're all gay furries here.
This week, Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman spoke with Solomon Islands Foreign Minister Jeremiah Manele about plans to reopen the U.S. Embassy in Honiara and what U.S. officials described as “joint efforts to broaden and deepen engagement” between the two countries.
Tom is toxic as fuck.
Choose wisely.
A society that bans religious headgear is not free.
But unlike Venice, the village houses are built on sticks and dugout canoes are the main form of transportation.
Republicans have been implementing ways to ensure undemocratic minority rule, because their core demographic is shrinking.
Republicans want American elections to be as legitimate as Hungarian ones.
Then the young man jammed his hat on his head, seized the suit-case and umbrella, and galloped down the steps.
Lobbying and its consequences have been a disaster for the United States.
Most American Jews support a liberal, democratic Israel that seeks peace with its neighbors, but their views on Israel are ignored in favor of the cruel politics of the more numerous Evangelical Christians.
I'm an outlier.
My views are marginal.
George Soros survived the Holocaust.
Each manta ray has been placed in a category depending on its unique underbelly markings.
I am not most people.
The company also announced this year that it will acquire U.S. grocer Whole Foods, which could help expand Amazon's online food-shopping services.
I'm not familiar with Canadian jurisprudence.
Rwanda was remarkably efficient at banning plastic bags, while North Carolina has a volunteer program to distribute reusable takeout containers, and an Amsterdam grocer introduced an aisle of products with no plastic.
Scientists say a new geologic epoch has begun whereby humans are causing major damage to global water systems.
Despite rumors to the contrary, George Soros was not a Nazi collaborator.
Millions of people around the world who have seen the stage play know very well the tragedy that will befall that chandelier in this Gothic love story set in 1890's Paris and based on a novel first published in 1911.
Those were certainly all words.
With declining support, Republicans are looking to dictators from Eastern Europe to teach them how to impose minority rule.
Everyone saw the Republican attempt to violently seize power on January 6, 2020.
Republicans have frantically been rewriting state election laws to ensure that states can disregard the will of their voters.
Fascists are globalized.
Our house centipede has gotten freakishly large.
House centipedes avoid people.
Orbán is the first European leader since Hitler to be so opposed to "racial mixing."
Modern Magyars are a mixed people, like everyone is.
No one is racially pure.
No one is ethnically pure.
I am not an example of how to live according to Judaism.
American exceptionalism is a form of chauvinism.
I'm looking at the surface of the moon with my telescope, Tom, but I don't see any little green men.
Tom was finally rescued by a mysterious flying saucer full of little green men.
It's only a matter of time before Putin sends little green men to occupy the moon.
"The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything", said Albert Einstein.
I have no love for any billionaire, but the right's antisemitic lies about George Soros are attacks on Jews generally and Holocaust survivors specifically.
They use tractors and equipment that clean stones and sift soil, allowing them to detect gold faster than locals who use manual tools.
Health workers in protective suits and masks continue to sift through evidence at the Amoy Gardens housing complex in Hong Kong.
Visitors from across the world gathered Thursday in Aswan, Egypt, for a rare glimpse of a unique event that still amazes the world — when the sun rays go inside the corridor of the Abu Simbel temples and perpendicular on the faces of Ramses II, his wife, Queen Nefertari and the god Amun on the back wall.
The move gives authorities greater latitude to forcibly restrict public gatherings and enforce quarantines on those with the virus.
Clearly he was one of those rare beings who can radiate energy standing still and convey the impression of impetuous force without motion, a trick of the eyes, a refusal to sag.
Analysts, however, say the deliberate omission of separatists from the discussions raises doubts about whether the meetings will ease ethnic tensions threatening to rip the country apart.
U.S. President Barack Obama begins his much-anticipated tour of Africa on June 27 with one glaring omission: the president will not be visiting Kenya, the birthplace of his father.
A heart attack, also called a myocardial infarction, happens when a part of the heart muscle doesn’t get enough blood.
Pyorrhea, or Riggs’s disease, affects the tissues surrounding the root of the tooth, and is accompanied with infection by pus bacteria, and possibly also by animal parasites, termed endameba.
Britain's royal family, politicians and sports stars are among the VIPs attending the London Games.
With big brown eyes and an affectionate, docile nature, it is the orangutans' human qualities that attract poachers and help put it high on the list of endangered species.
The Egyptian parliament approved a major government reshuffle Saturday involving 13 ministerial changes.
The Long Now’s Revive and Restore project is exploring how to genetically modify the ferret’s DNA to resist plague.
You always look so terrifically well-groomed and expensive.
Since then, more than 500 black-footed ferrets have been born at the National Zoo, many using artificial insemination and frozen sperm.
The works of a French sculptor who depicted America's founding fathers as well as the great thinkers of the French Enlightenment are now on exhibit at the J. Paul Getty Museum in California.
Some of them required intubation and admission to the intensive care unit.
According to the law, which passed overwhelmingly Thursday, social media companies would be fined 10 percent of their global annual turnover if material deemed "abhorrent violent material" is not taken down quickly, and its executives could face as much as three years in prison.
Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Gedi told reporters in Nairobi Saturday that his government strongly condemns what he called an "abhorrent, criminal and inhumane act."
We don't own anything.
We have absolutely nothing.
Thanks to you, Igider, without forgetting the lovely one with whom you share your life.
You can check these things yourself.
There's still a whole other box, isn't there?
"The Dow is up." "I don't care about stonks."
My language has five hundred words for melancholy.
Do we need more propane?
My conlang has 500 words for depression.
The “Great Garuda,” named after the holy bird that's an emblem of Indonesia, is the colloquial name of the National Capital Integrated Coastal Development Master Plan.
When foreclosed homes go on sale, they flood an already bloated real estate market.
The United Nations panel of experts is warning that the country’s revitalized peace deal is in jeopardy because the unity government’s partners are bickering over security control and resources rather than moving forward with the deal’s implementation.
The problem with closed-minded people is that they always have their mouths open.
The U.N. Sustainable Development Goals Report 2022 warns global crises and disasters are putting in jeopardy attainment by the end of the decade of the 17 goals adopted by U.N. member states in 2015.
The small garden is bursting with produce from raised, hydroponic beds of parsley seedlings to hibiscus growing in old tires to rows of eggplant, tomatoes, and turnips planted in peanut shells and rice hulls to improve the sandy soil.
Ker's mother was forced to be a concubine and to work in the garden, and Ker was forced to gather red hibiscus leaves for tea and to tend to the goats.
She found rusted gates, fastened by a simple padlock, leading to the reactor.
Slavery is often thought of as a relic of past centuries, and is banned internationally.
To help combat obesity, some cities have banned unhealthful ingredients in restaurant food.
Once upon a time there was a flourishing covey of fifteen: Pa Tridge, Ma Tridge, and thirteen little Tridges, all brown and speckled and very chirpy.
People were in disbelief — an economic collapse, worsened by the COVID-19 lockdown, then renewed tensions with Israel on the border, and now this.
The U.S. is set Thursday to curtail its regulation of methane emissions, easing standards for what scientists say is a major contributor to climate change.
Some critics loved the film, while others did not, one calling it sanctimonious drivel.
Both Indian and Pakistan-controlled areas of Kashmir observe July 13 as "Martyr's Day."
The COVID pandemic exposed stark vaccine inequities between high- and low-income nations and underscored Africa's dependence on outside countries for jabs.
There are stark contrasts between the policies of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump.
She was anxious to leave Blair’s house now that it was occupied by the usurpers, but we had cajoled her into remaining in order to keep some check upon the movements of the man Dawson and his daughter.
Biden has been under immense pressure to waive vaccine patents, one of his campaign promises.
The Biden administration announced Monday that it would waive tariffs on solar panels imported to the United States from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam for 24 months, reducing uncertainty for the U.S. solar energy companies that had been spooked by a Commerce Department investigation launched in March.
The U.S. will waive sanctions against the German company leading construction of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline, according to a State Department report sent to Congress on Wednesday.
Transparency International is a civil society group that monitors corruption and publishes reports that name and shame countries, which acquiesce to dirty business practices.
How the city that was once so full of people sits alone, like a widow! She who was great among the nations, a princess among the provinces, has become a tributary.
The microbe is called Microsporidia MB, and scientists discovered it inside the guts and genitalia of mosquitoes living around Lake Victoria in Kenya.
A mosquito-borne viral illness, dengue fever often begins with a severe headache and fever, then blossoms into that severe pain accompanied by vomiting, swollen glands and a rash.
In gym class, Tom was afraid to out himself by staring too much at shirtless classmates.
Elephants don't climb trees.
Have you tried yoga?
Baháʼís build beautiful temples.
The Baháʼí devotion to beauty is one of my favorite things about them.
The Baháʼí Faith is part of a long tradition of syncretic Iranian religions.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been cracking down on Baháʼís.
The communists who helped depose the Shah were purged by the Ayatollahs in the 1980s.
There's more than enough food on the planet for everyone, but our economic system prevents us from properly distributing it.
There's more than enough food on this planet for everyone.
The Houthis ethnically cleansed Yemen's last remaining Jews.
Starve it from straw so that it forgets the oats.
Deprive the donkey of straw so that it forgets the oats.
Starve the donkey by depriving it of straw so that it forgets the oats.
Starve the donkey from straw so that it forgets the oats.
You just have to stay where you are!
It would be better if you stay where you are!
Was Machiavelli really that Machiavellian?
“What differentiates birds from politicians is that the former stop flying from time to time,” said Coluche.
As with so much disinformation, there's a kernel of truth to this.
The tiny plants are not usually toxic on their own, but the overabundance creates so-called dead zones because they suck all the oxygen out of the water. In Sweden, researchers have enlisted the aid of native fish that can slow down the out of control growth of algae.
India is accelerating action against the monkeypox virus after reporting its first death due to monkeypox in the southern state of Kerala, that of a 22-year-old man who had recently returned from the United Arab Emirates.
Two of the hardest-hit U.S. regions have raised the alert level over the monkeypox outbreak.
Researchers have developed a moisturizing lotion with the potential to treat deadly skin cancers, psoriasis and promote diabetic wound healing.
The marula nut kernels are pressed to extract their rich oil which is used in body lotion, soaps, and lip balm.
From marijuana-laced candy to body lotion infused with marijuana, this controversial plant is becoming a big business in the United States as more states make it mainstream.
Most will remain in Mali, but 61 migrants from Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso will continue onward to their homes of origin.
French is the same way.
Malayalam is mainly spoken in Kerala.
Tom's post went viral.
A rust-colored almanac from 1875, a cloth envelope and a silver coin were found Wednesday in a time capsule that sat beneath a towering statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee in Virginia for more than 130 years.
"Guess what?" "What?" "That's what!"
A launch of the unmanned capsule — scheduled for Tuesday from the Cape Canaveral Space Force Station in Florida — was scrubbed after Boeing officials said a prelaunch check indicated an “unexpected valve position” in the propulsion system.
Many straight people with monkeypox symptoms aren't being tested because they don't fit the profile, skewing the data in the process.
In the works since 2012, the deal is seen by some as China's retort to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, negotiations for which excluded China and fell apart when the US pulled out.
The prime minister designate's retort came after the U.S. ambassador to Canada, David Wilkins, made a comment earlier this week disputing Canada's assertion of sovereignty over Arctic waters the United States considers international territory.
When photographer Edward Steichen unveiled the original collection of 508 photographs he intended it to convey both the human condition and the universality of mankind.
One might suppose, in reading some modern writers, that the Nymphs and Fauns, the River-Gods and Pan, were at least as prominent in all Greek poetry as Zeus, Apollo, and Athena, or that Apollo was only the sweet singer and not also the prophet of retribution.
Under the new contract, Niger could see an increase in the rate of mining royalties from 5.5 percent up to 12 percent.
The Information Warfare Unit will have 100 staff members, but that figure is expected to grow to about 900 in a decade’s time.
The fete, known as "White Night," is part of a plan by the city management to make life in the City of Light more fun.
The destruction of cultural heritage is a form of cultural warfare and a violation of human rights, says a special U.N. investigator on cultural rights.
A rise in disinformation in the digital media age was cited this month by two Supreme Court justices, who questioned whether a landmark libel case should be reconsidered.
A Manila court has dismissed a cyber libel charge against Maria Ressa, an award-winning journalist and founder of the Philippine news site Rappler.
Indeed the latest temper tantrum may make Washington less inclined to take Saudi concerns into account in deciding what is best for U.S. interests in the region.
Language death is a bad thing.
Winners of the 2017 Nobel Peace Prize warned that the world was "one impulsive tantrum" away from destruction, urging nuclear nations to adopt a U.N. treaty banning atomic weapons.
A grower in Rhode Island has smashed his own son's giant pumpkin record with a gourd weighing 1,026 kilograms (2,261 pounds).
Several years ago, a rotavirus vaccine was taken off the market because it increased a baby's risk of developing a rare, but potentially deadly, intestinal blockage.
The outdoor market should be packed, but just a few people have braved a hot sun to haggle over flat-screen TVs and gaudy rugs trucked over from Libya, just 30 kilometers away.
Iran's treatment of Bahá'ís is unacceptable.
Like any other group of people, Bahá'ís have the right to live in freedom and safety.
Tom was permanently banned from Twitter.
If you see something and no one is in danger, mind your own business.
If you see something, mind your own business.
But I washed the dishes yesterday!
The Metaverse strikes me as a big scam.
Can snakes predict earthquakes?
I put on my robe and wizard hat.
Trump got raided.
And, while they found the pathogen Serratia marcescens in these other animals, the genetic analysis showed that only the strain from human sewage matched the strain found in white pox diseased corals on the reef.
Before the discovery, it was thought that the ancient Egyptian pharaoh, Ramses V, was the earliest example of smallpox because of what scientists assumed were pox marks found on the remains.
But unlike White-nose syndrome or chytrid disease, in which a single pathogen has wiped out millions of creatures across vast distances, Goldberg does not think a single germ is responsible for all the mussel die-offs.
They’ve actually created a synthetic gel that mimics the mussel’s sticky, self-healing properties.
Good computer skills are desirable in today's digital age, and playing computer games can help children hone those skills — as long as they don't overdo it, scientists warn.
Shoppers throng malls offering summer discounts in the Indian capital of New Delhi, tables at popular restaurants are nearly full, and the city’s roads are choked with traffic as a holiday weekend begins.
Demonstrators smashed shop windows, set fire to motorcycles and damaged public telephones before baton-wielding riot police and members of the hard-line Islamist Basij volunteer militia broke up the throng.
That is crucial to revive not just the river, but also the banks or “ghats” in pilgrim towns where visitors throng.
Johann Strauss’s classic Blue Danube waltz fills the air as does the sweet aroma of hundreds of fragrant orchids.
Nurcahyo Utomo of Indonesia's National Transportation Safety Committee said the investigation found a crack in the soldering on a tiny electrical part in the system controlling the plane's rudder.
The bottom part of a soapstone carving of the mythical Zimbabwe Bird was handed to President Robert Mugabe in a ceremony broadcast live Wednesday on radio and television.
The fossilized skeleton of a ferocious Tyrannosaurus rex dinosaur will be on exhibit next year in the new fossil hall at the Museum of Natural History.
Taking over 30 years to build, tens of thousands of workers—and more than 27 million kilograms of dynamite—the Panama Canal is considered one of the biggest engineering feats of the 20th century.
Blue was a rare, expensive color in ancient times, whether it was derived from lapis lazuli mined in Afghanistan some 6,000 years ago, made by blending copper with other elements throughout the Middle East and in ancient China, or mixing an extract of the indigo plant with clay and resin by Mayans in Mesoamerica.
Tsuji says he uses resin, platinum and silicone as well as other materials to construct three-dimensional portraits of people such as Andy Warhol and Salvador Dali.
Both companies’ shareholders overwhelmingly approved the merger, which analysts say was designed to ensure the survival of both firms.
He told the lawmakers that the thought of war made him "recoil in horror".
Under normal circumstances, scientists say pain serves an important biological function; a sharp poke with a needle or knifepoint, or slight burn, causes most people to recoil, protecting them from further harm.
Another of Biden’s proposed rules would target stabilizing braces for pistols, which give shooters more accuracy and help to manage recoil as they position them on their shoulders before firing.
I keep banging my knee on your computer tower.
Cults isolate people from the surrounding world.
Gay and trans people exist and are a part of the world and of our communities, so children should learn about their existence the same way they learn about the rest of the world.
The so-called People's Liberation Army wants to put its boot down on Taiwan.
China obviously is not communist, so its motivation for imperialist aggression in Taiwan is purely centered on power.
Do you think the people who fought alongside Mao would be happy with modern China?
Scottish people say "ken" instead of "know," which is similar to what speakers of many other Germanic languages say.
I can wait. I don't need to smoke pot all the time.
I don't think such a thing exists in Scots or Scottish English.
Who owns Amnesty International?
Stay in your place!
I'm trying to appeal to the reasonable side of people.
All countries are fake.
"Sorry if this hurts your feelings, but I'll never call you by a pronoun." "You just did."
I need to become more independent.
I have a hard time going places without my partner.
Trump got raided by the FBI.
Tom got raided by the FBI.
The cope cages proved useless.
That was insane, and I would know.
The Esperanto word for wife, edzino, is derived from rebbetzin, the wife of a rabbi in Yiddish.
The Esperanto word for husband, edzo, was backformed from edzino, which was derived from rebbetzin, the Yiddish word for a rabbi's wife.
I'm leaving this group.
I'm unsubscribing.
I'm unsubscribing from Tom's channel.
Tom will never talk.
Hi ! I greet all Tatoeba users, wherever they come from, whatever their language. I take this opportunity to thank the creators of this brilliant site which will, I am sure, bring people from all over the world closer together.
For the first time in more than 100 years, scientists have discovered a new species living in New York's Central Park. The creature is a tiny centipede, just 10 millimeters long. But, in the world of science, this bug cuts a wide swath.
The centipede, dubbed Nannarrup hoffmanni in honor of Dr. Richard Hoffman of the Virginia Museum of Natural History, actually constitutes a new genus.
Today, he is maneuvering a 27-meter kite shaped like a centipede.
As the planet heats up, it's not just extreme weather that's causing trouble but also the unintended consequences of that heat, in the case of some European forests it's creating fertile ground for spruce bark beetles.
The store sells many items to spruce up a home, but it also sells a wide variety of hardware items, tools and farm supplies.
In Appalachia, no ecosystem is better at capturing carbon dioxide than red spruce forests.
South Sudan dowry prices are spiralling out of control, critics say, and now girls are complaining that the high price their families can get for marrying them off is encouraging their parents to accept dowries for younger and younger girls.
We must never forget, that during the Great Rebellion, Puritanism was actually the dominant faction; and even at the Restoration it cannot be supposed that the Dissenters were a small or an uninfluential class.
The 16-year-old girl was studying in Lakes state when she was told by her father that she was to marry an old man who offered a dowry of 200 cows to the family, Human Rights Watch says in the report.
During the caucus event, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Democrats will not give up trying to ratify the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.
After two years in hiding, Mozambique opposition leader Afonso Dhlakama arrived in Maputo on Thursday to "ratify a pact between his Renamo party and the government ending hostilities ahead of an Oct. 15 election," according to reports by Reuters.
South Sudan’s rebel leader says his group will ratify the recently signed peace agreement on Tuesday as part of efforts to restore peace and end the country’s nearly two year long conflict.
The machine is used to remove the husk and bran layers to produce a white kernel that is free of impurities.
The terminal at the Haitian capital's international airport has been flooded after a sustained downpour transformed some low-lying Port-au-Prince streets into brown rivers.
She says she is very very worried because her children who are back at home may not be safe if there is a heavy downpour.
From the U.S. midwest to the Atlantic coast, male cicadas produce a shrill noise unmistakable during the daytime.
Every morning we would wake up to her shrill voice screaming commands.
Although Joshua Foer competed in the U.S. Memory Championships almost as a lark, now that he's won he's a part of a subculture of memory buffs — the "memory circuit," as he calls it.
Known as the “Lark of the Border,” she continued performing into her 70s, and would record more than a thousand songs.
President Yusuf is expected soon to append his signature to Dheere's official letter of dismissal.
FAO officials recently sent a film crew to Mbankana, where there’s a training school for draught animals, and then moved them to eastern DRC's North Kivu province, where the organization is promoting the use of bullock carts along many largely unpassable roads.
Salema says tsetse prevents farmers from producing large quantities of food by killing draught animals, such as horses and oxen.
The annual migration of these tiny fish, called the sardine run, delights fishermen and women — in part because it also draws in larger marine predators.
You're a cop.
Some drugs kill.
Judaism is more than a religion, but it is also a religion.
Jews are a people. Their religion is Judaism.
Taiwan is not part of China.
Tibet is not part of China.
Nowadays, a lot of imperialists disguise their true intentions in the language of anti-imperialism.
Yes... ha ha ha... yes!
Key takeaways from Johnson's remarks included that young British men will still be able, post-Brexit, to enjoy wild stag (bachelor) parties in central Europe — something that won’t necessarily reassure the residents of Prague, Budapest or Krakow, who are increasingly irritated by the rowdiness of young vacationing British males.
The pageantry can best be seen in California’s 640,000 acre Anza-Borrego Desert State Park, northeast of San Diego, where visitors can wander among the fanfare of hot pink Bigelow’s Monkey Flower, purple Sand Verbena, and white and yellow Evening Primrose.
Native tropical plants such as moringa, palma christi, verbena and aloe are routinely used to treat health ailments such as colds and flu.
Although most people are familiar with the coyote’s howl, the animal actually has a language that incorporates a variety of sounds.
The two men do not work together any more, but back in 1982 they made what the Nobel Committee called "the remarkable and unexpected discovery" that gastritis and peptic ulcer disease are the result of an infection caused by a then-unknown bacterium.
A high-level conference in Benin this week is bringing together African heads of state and health officials to discuss efforts to contain the little-known Buruli ulcer.
Israeli researchers say a massive cavern on the shores of the Dead Sea is the world's largest salt cave.
Last week, after spending $59 million, French authorities opened an exact replica, called Pont d'Arc Cavern.
The performances are staged in a large cavern referred to as The Volcano Room.
The show is staged in the largest tent in North America, a space big enough to allow the horses to gallop and the acrobats to fly through the air.
At a ranch in southern California, mustangs gallop at the base of a distant hillside.
As usual I run down the steps and gallop to class.
But the project's principal investigator, at the materials science center of Trinity College in Dublin, says it can be done by mixing graphite with water and a surfactant, a form of soap, in an ordinary kitchen blender.
He recently brewed what he calls an African Pale Ale (APA) using the SAB (South African Breweries) hop, as have other microbrewers in South Africa.
The director of Spy Nation, Choi Seung-ho, uses Yu’s case and others documented in the film to argue the NIS’s over-zealous pursuit of spies is a symptom of a powerful and secretive agency reporting only to the president, that operates with little outside oversight or control.
In some ways, it appears that holding two national ballots in a country lacking the most basic infrastructure, amid the threat of attack by zealous insurgents, may have been the easy part.
The study showed that the bodily changes brought on by puberty had a monthly effect on school attendance.
Many of them sleep in overcrowded hallways or bunk beds, increasing the risk of infection.
That number remained relatively high throughout the '70s, when several books were published and a 1978 film about a phony mission to Mars, Capricorn One, convinced many that a moon landing was also a scripted piece of high-technology bunk.
In Siena they started singing a traditional Tuscan folk song, The Song of the Verbena (And While Siena Sleeps), one of the town’s most cherished melodies and sung since the Middle Ages.
Americans were never banned from traveling to other countries over the Iraq War.
Everything is a power play to him.
He didn't make any bones about that.
He did not it with half measures with him.
I'm starting a support group for former members of 12-step groups.
Here I am rushing blindly.
Alcoholics Anonymous is a cult.
You couldn't possibly believe that, Tom.
"You couldn't possibly believe that, Tom." "I do."
We have just begun to enter the world of darkness.
We have just begun our search of the underworld.
They took to their heels.
They showed a clean pair of heels.
Some believe the novel was ghostwritten by Canadian author Tom Jackson.
Few regional analysts doubt that he will now use the failed coup to strengthen his presidential powers and to cleanse not only the military but other institutions suspected of harboring opponents.
He says tradition gives authority to particular notables to cleanse a woman by shaving her head immediately after the burial of her husband.
At kidney dialysis centers like this, machines do what healthy kidneys do: cleanse people's blood.
Google chief executive officer Larry Page announced in a blog post Monday that he and co-founder Sergey Brin will head a new holding company called Alphabet, which will oversee the original Google company that includes its now-iconic search engine and its popular YouTube video service.
Unmasked and helpless, she maintained an attitude of challenge and defiance.
All who knew him pitied him; orders flowed in, and soon a quite exceptional activity pervaded the establishment from basement to roof, inspiring Mons. Sauvallier with a little hope.
The United Nations Children's Fund has handed over lifesaving supplies worth about $300,000 to support Malawi’s fight against a cholera outbreak which has killed more than 700 people—including 104 children—since the outbreak began in March of last year.
The ancient public spa was built in the first century A.D. just off the Porta Marina, the gate to the harbor of Pompeii.
Singapore's prime minister says severe air pollution caused by forest fires in neighboring Indonesia may continue to smother the city-state for weeks or months.
Some people cough, wheeze or feel out of breath during or after exercise.
A coupon system would eventually enable poor people to purchase food in any store in the country, not just those in the government system.
A coupon industry publication estimates that 89 percent of American households redeem coupons as a way to economize.
I would miss food stalls, the lilt of the Thai language, the constant bombardment of cheesy advertisements.
Born and bred on Poland's soil, son of a French father and a Polish mother, Frédéric Chopin (1809-1849) combined within himself two natures, each complementing the other, both uniting to form a personality not understood by every casual observer.
The tit-for-tat consulate closures further escalated the tensions between the two countries over issues from trade and industrial espionage to human rights.
Writing in the Astrophysical Journal, researchers from the California Institute of Technology say the hypothetical massive planet at the edge of the solar system could be the reason the planets orbit at a six-degree slant relative to the sun.
A larger excavation in the side of the hill facing the sea, with a flight of steps leading up from it into another smaller recess, and numerous lateral openings and subterranean passages, supposed to penetrate into the very heart of the mountain, and even to communicate with Lake Fusaro, is pointed out by the local guides as the Sibyl's Cave, which, as Virgil tells us, had a hundred entrances and issues, from whence as many resounding voices echoed forth the oracles of the inspired priestess.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency lists stormwater as the primary cause of water pollution in the United States, and encourages local communities to develop management plans to treat run-off before it pollutes their rivers, lakes or streams.
He was seen at his best on Sunday, when, clothed in a complete suit of black, with a single carnation in his buttonhole, and with an irreproachable silk hat, he promenaded with Madame Arbique on his arm.
The fusion of stretch and strengthening exercises allows students to achieve movements that traditional yoga does not have — from flying while suspended on the hammock, to using the hammock to hang like a bat.
Tarantulas have also been known to build hammock-like structures for a cozy place to spend the day.
Some have tried to combat the friction and instability, not just with the marigold campaign, but by sharing ice cream with migrant workers and signing placards pushing solidarity.
She extracts beautiful colors from turmeric, while Rupa Trivedi in Mumbai, India, creates a range of colors from marigold, hibiscus and rose flowers and coconut husks.
After being sworn in Wednesday as Raigarh's mayor, Kinnar — wearing a white sari and pink lipstick, with a large red bindi decorating her forehead — was greeted by cheering supporters who placed marigold garlands around her neck, television footage showed.
The motto of Yemen's Houthi movement, which recently carried out the total ethnic cleansing of the country's Jewish community, includes the words "Curse on the Jews!"
Zionism has been most strengthened by the nominally "anti-Zionist" regimes that have either expelled their Jews or made life so hard for them that they had no choice but to leave.
Poor guy, he's so skinny!
Tom seems more himself today.
Author Salman Rushdie was stabbed in New York before a speech.
If American TV disgusts you, think about the fact that we're showing you our good side.
I wonder who Trump sold the nuclear secrets to.
Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were executed in 1953 for supposedly giving nuclear secrets to the Soviet Union.
The cope is palpable.
Who do you think Trump sold the nuclear secrets to?
Flags shouldn't be used for languages.
If Trump were found to have stolen and sold nuclear secrets, it would be antisemitic not to give him the same fate as the Rosenbergs.
Kenya is expanding cultivation of a relatively new nutritious, drought-resistant forage grass for cattle that could boost milk production, resulting in higher incomes for families.
So researchers studied a group of about 200 men with prostate cancer and nearly 500 disease free men in Shanghai, and asked them how often they ate 122 food items, including allium vegetables.
Korski says turf wars between the European Commission and the European Council weaken the aid program.
The startup company Husk Power Systems has designed a system fueled by the husk of rice plants — usually discarded after the rice grains are harvested.
Cyanide shuts down cellular respiration; the poison puts the body into a coma with seizures and cardiac arrest.
In the latest sign that passion for soccer is growing in the United States, several hundred U.S. supporters gathered outside the White House on Sunday night to revel in the Women's World Cup triumph of their national team over Japan.
Director Philip Noyce says it was important not to flinch — not to turn his camera away from the horrors and violence of the struggle; but the Australian-born film maker calls it the story of an ordinary man who did something extraordinary.
While he was talking to reporters, VOA heard shots being fired on the street — one of which was so loud it caused the officer to flinch.
Mourners paid their last respects Friday to late U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg as her casket was carried down the steps of the U.S. Capitol after she became the first woman to lie in state there.
On Sunday, Lewis’s casket was carried across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, where the one-time "Freedom Rider" was among civil rights demonstrators beaten by state troopers in 1965.
The casket bearing former U.S. first lady Nancy Reagan has been moved to the presidential library in California of her late husband, President Ronald Reagan, where she will lie in repose.
The study results suggest there is a very real human toll to the divisiveness and rancor that has gripped the nation since the president's election.
The equilibrium of soul and body is disturbed; and she fortifies herself in an obstinate idealism that cannot come to terms with the assaults of life.
The International Labor Organization says the COVID-19 pandemic has wreaked havoc on the youth labor market.
Deputy federal police commissioner Demesash Woldemikael says there is no truth to allegations that a new anti-terrorism law is being used to stifle political dissent.
The army seems to be very, very sensitive to any kind of criticism, and the new law they’re trying to bring in would completely stifle press freedom in the country.
At first glance, the videos conjure up visions of a secluded utopian paradise.
Few images conjure the 1930s Depression like people standing in soup lines while farmers dump food they can’t sell.
Traditionally, G-20 summits are staid affairs and despite the fact consensus on trade, development and climate issues regularly eludes the gatherings, at least efforts are made to conjure up formal bonhomie.
Almost a century ago, this small, voracious beetle migrated north from Central America, eating its way through U.S. cotton fields.
One of the most pervasive species is the lionfish, a voracious predator from Asia that is depleting native coral reef fish in the Caribbean.
The life of Scalia, who was deeply religious, was honored in the country’s largest Roman Catholic church, the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington, where Pope Francis had celebrated a Mass in September.
The nuns belong to the order known as the Slaves of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, whose members consecrate their lives to the woman they call “The Blessed Mother” of Jesus.
The ultra-modern city state Singapore has become a model that other Asian nations aspire to — organized, immaculate and efficient — but at what cost?
Comrade Jackson was brought before the Central Committee.
The planet is hollow and filled with Eldritch horrors.
Space was made up by the CIA.
Skip to the part where Tom and Mary get to Boston.
Tom is a banker from Boston.
Tom has had a rough life.
Did we travel back in time?
Thank God for atheism!
I cry every time.
It's going to be a bit longer than I anticipated.
The CIA is listening.
The gods work for the CIA.
We're closing for lunch.
That's a centipede; leave it alone.
The difference between centipedes and millipedes is that centipedes are much uglier.
He softened it.
While this year's famous Tokyo Motor Show will feature cars of all sizes — many, whatever their paint color, will have a tint of green figuratively.
According to the website minerals.net, most diamonds used as gemstones are colorless or have a very faint tint.
I don't believe in soulmates.
You're doing God's work.
"Cookie's an incredible dog, isn't he?" "I think he's a pretty ordinary dog, to be honest."
Play appears to be very common in the animal kingdom.
One hand alone cannot applaud.
What exactly is consciousness?
No poets allowed.
Did Tom just go in there?
Connecticut is called "The Nutmeg State," but not necessarily because of the nutmeg spice, a precious cargo the state's sailors used to bring home from trade journeys to Asia.
The aviator became the first person to fly solo non-stop around the world without refueling when he landed the Global Flyer experimental plane in Salina, Kansas Thursday.
A downside to frequent flyer miles is that using them is complicated.
Match Services' subsidiary company, Match Hospitality, provides hospitality services to corporate interests at the World Cup, including complimentary tickets to various matches.
A recent report by the international crisis group says three complimentary sets of issues must be addressed to finalize a detailed power sharing agreement.
A water-proof drone is being used by Australian scientists to collect the highly-treasured nasal mucus of migrating whales.
Researchers at Emory screened 32 peptides derived from the mucus of the frog, called Bahuvistara, and found one that was effective against all H1 viruses.
Lion dances are a facet of traditional Chinese culture.
He is paralyzed from the waist down and gaping bedsores on the back of his legs and buttocks ooze infected pus.
‘Strike a pose! Strike a pose!’ breathes Madonna, as her hit song ‘Vogue’ begins to ooze from an overhead speaker.
Louisiana has been hardest hit by the disaster, but oil residue is continuing to spread elsewhere in the Gulf to fragile coastlines, coating wildlife in a black ooze and threatening the livelihoods of fishermen and other business owners.
During the vessel's first 8,000 kilometers, the catamaran moved somewhat sideways, a little bit like a land crab, because it was built without a keel.
Analysts say despite the differences that have dogged their ties and a history of mistrust following a brief border war in 1962, these meetings underline that the two neighbors and strategic rivals are keen for relations to remain on an even keel.
And blocking the exit was a very old goat that looked like she was about to keel over any second.
At a recent meeting of the Politburo of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), Xi said that "archaeology is of great socio-political and cultural significance."
Dr. Otto says a comprehensive approach of combining abstinence and condoms is crucial to preventing infections.
There has been more debate in Congress about the effectiveness of sexual abstinence versus use of condoms in the global fight against AIDS.
Tom is very handsy.
Tom is very touchy-feely.
I'm baby.
The fatwa against Salman Rushdie leading to his stabbing is proof that words can indeed be violence.
Could you pick up a 2-liter of Coke?
Not all bees sting.
Some bees eat carrion.
Bumblebees can sting repeatedly like wasps, but their stinger doesn't easily penetrate human skin.
Those aren't carrot leaves.
This wasp paralyzes other insects, cakes them in dirt, and lays its eggs inside so its larvae will feast on them.
I thought you had grown out of your childish bellyaching about the academy.
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana said he is deeply shocked by what he called a despicable act that is an attack against people who are working for Iraq's future.
The accident took place around midnight when the bus crashed through the guard rail of the Khun Pha Musung bridge in Phetchabun province and fell 50 meters into the ravine.
It started in a wooden ravine and is the most devastating of the approximately 80 wildfires that have broken out across the country in recent days, including on the island of Rhodes, as temperatures topped 45 degrees Celsius, the hottest day recorded in the region in four decades.
So you could watch a Photoshop tutorial on YouTube if you wanted to learn how to color correct photographs, for example.
The very youngest readers will find an illustrated volume of maps from ancient China, a math tutorial paperback and Where’s Spot, a picture book that follows a dog that hides in parts of its owner’s home.
The Smithsonian's National Museum of American History has launched a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter to preserve the ruby slippers from the 1939 movie "The Wizard of Oz."
Michelle Obama dazzled in a ruby red gown at the inaugural balls Monday night.
Osgood filled Cleveholm with trophy animal heads, Tiffany lamps, ruby velvet drapes, and imported leather wall coverings.
The agreement is part of a new security partnership, known by the acronym AUKUS (Australia, United Kingdom and the United States), focused on the Indo-Pacific region.
The shortage has also placed enormous strain on social services programs such as the federal Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, known by the acronym WIC.
Animal rescue officers in Singapore successfully rescued a kitten that had crawled onto a the narrow ledge of a 12-story building.
Suspected cases of so-called Havana syndrome were reported in Russia, China, Poland and Austria, and the sickness affected some U.S. officials so badly their careers derailed.
In the 19th century a navigator wanting to know the ship's longitude needed to know the time, which was kept on board the ship by a chronometer.
Tom has no compunction about engaging in usury.
They also found hundreds of white-tentacled anemones, but they could not collect specimens.
I'm just a lowly serf.
Tom's answer was very wordy.
Those views are outmoded and repugnant.
Tom is the scion of a very wealthy family.
Your actions are inimical to the revolution.
The emergence of the Omicron variant has caused financial markets to swoon and national leaders to order or threaten fresh pandemic measures aimed at preventing the strain’s spread.
Look! A mockingbird!
Tom's involuntary celibacy came to an end when he let go of his sense of entitlement.
Neurosis is a trait often stereotypically assigned to Ashkenazi Jews.
The suspects were rounded up last Saturday during a country-wide operation.
You can tell this is an old meme because it says "political correctness" instead of "wokeness."
Nguyen Hai Anh, Secretary General of the Vietnam Red Cross, said the back-to-back disasters in central Vietnam have affected the lives of more than 7 million people, including just over 1 million people directly impacted by Typhoon Molave.
I literally can't.
Do not pet me that way, foolish human.
French lessons are at 2:30.
French lessons are at 2:30 on Mondays.
We don't want to poke the bear.
The two are not comparable.
There are no heroes in war.
I think Tom believes his own lies.
Don't forget we need a spare tire.
Thank God I'm an atheist.
We're making stuffed peppers.
We're making vegan stuffed peppers.
Tom is learning Thai.
Hot sauce goes on everything.
Dangerous anarchists are conspiring to feed the homeless.
Civic organizations in southern Africa are calling on their governments to take action to relieve unemployment, inequality and poverty in the region.
The lecturers walked out of classes Feb. 14 over the dispute and an unfulfilled government promise to invest $500 million in public universities.
He said refugees, like other people, need more than the bare necessities to survive, and they cannot be allowed to languish for years without the prospect of a decent and meaningful future.
She notes thousands of women, men and children languish in prolonged arbitrary detention.
Her Majesty the Queen-Regent of Holland has graciously accorded special permission to the writer of the following article to visit the Royal Palaces of Amsterdam and The Hague to obtain photographs for publication in this Magazine: a privilege of the greatest value, which is now accorded for the first time, the palaces never before having been photographed.
Ghanaians in general, and the opposition in particular, have vehemently opposed the proposed 1.75% tax on electronic transactions, popularly known as e-levy, contained in the 2022 budget.
A transcript is an official record of the courses you took and grades you received in high school, college or graduate school.
When the call is finished, a senior director in the Situation Room reviews the notes and transcript.
This is a translation and transcript of Hausa service managing editor Aliyu Mustapha's in-language interview with Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari.
She says cold drinks will only make you hotter, because your body has to expend energy to bring the liquid to a warmer, more useable temperature.
During a trip to the region in February, he says he was struck by the amount of energy people expend just to find some water and to get some food.
She longed for him, but she longed also to be reinstated in her self-esteem.
About half a century ago, the accordion was a very popular musical instrument around the world.
While a U.S.-made social media awareness campaign against a wanted Ugandan rebel leader has been hugely successful in terms of attention, it has also created a blizzard of commentary, some of which has become viral in its own way.
I'm worried that Tom joined a cult.
How common is intelligent life in the universe?
She says she was surprised by the reaction of the authorities and might think twice about writing such a commentary again.
Yet a leading researcher and nutritionist says the fad diets are doing more harm than good.
After the Entered Apprentices and the Fellow Craftsmen had failed to resurrect their Master from the dead he was finally raised by the Master Mason with the "strong grip of a Lion's Paw."
Biya said his military will henceforth show no mercy for those who continue to refuse to surrender and be forgiven.
Assomo says all militias must henceforth be registered and controlled by local government officials and Cameroon military.
In 1905 it was clear to all the nations of Europe, with the exception of the Germans, that henceforth international politics would be dominated by the Anglo-German rivalry.
That's literally not possible.
Tom is a digital terrorist.
China's claim to Taiwan is not valid.
Taiwanese people don't want to be ruled by Beijing.
The people of Taiwan, like everyone else, have the right to self-determination.
China has no right to impose its rule on the people of Taiwan.
If I went and tried to tell an island full of people I was their ruler, and they told me to fuck off, would I have the right to force my rule on them?
Tom is an expert at dressing up imperialist aggression in the language of human rights.
Putin's personal militia, the Wagner Group, is a Nazi organization.
Putin commands a brownshirt-like paramilitary named after Hitler's favorite composer.
As he waxes poetic about Ukrainian Nazis, Putin is dismantling Jewish life in Russia, leading to another mass exodus of Jews from the country.
I make a lot of careless mistakes.
Putin didn't stop at Georgia or Crimea, and he's not going to stop now.
Two ice cream truck drivers are having a turf war.
"You have to admire Hitler, at least." "No you don't. You don't ever have to admire Hitler. The whole world fought a war so we wouldn't have to admire him."
All hell has broken loose.
He added a few more of his own.
He added a little more of his own.
I rinsed it thoroughly.
I scolded him well.
I reprimanded him well.
I am taken aback by those who are not repelled by those who rant behind the backs of people they don't know.
For many years, I have been trying to contribute to the resurrection of the Kabyle language of our elders: words here, proverbs there. This is how it will be reborn from its ashes.
The WHO reports dementia exacts a huge social and economic burden, one that will grow as people age and succumb to this mental illness.
But last month, they upped the ante, accusing Assange in a new 18-count superseding indictment of violating the 1917 Espionage Act by distributing classified information.
Now, prosecutors are increasingly focused on building the conspiracy cases and considering upping the ante by bringing the little-used but far more serious charges of “seditious conspiracy,” which carry up to 20 years in prison, according to current and former law enforcement officials.
Less recognized is a common side effect called neuropathic pain, which creates feelings of electric shocks and stabs.
African constitutions also encourage the inclusion of women and minorities in another important way.
They say he responded too slowly to spiraling prices in an energy market that had been deregulated to make electricity cheaper.
He sprang aboard his cycle and disappeared down the high road to St. Gwithian, pedalling like a squirrel on a treadmill, the tails of his new mackintosh spread like wings on the breeze.
He was affable and smiling, and he told staff he was visiting friends in a seaside resort popular with day-trippers and, in recent years, associated with gay chic.
"But one way people can help as we are coming down the pike in the 2006 elections is to remember the effect that rhetoric can have on our troops in harm's way and the effect that rhetoric can have in emboldening or weakening an enemy," he said.
The President cannot afford to squander the opportunity to deliver good governance to his people.
Across Tunisia, jobless youngsters, including many college graduates, squander their days in coffee shops or homes, in a country where unemployment tops 30% in some places.
It's flushed.
It's rinsed out.
He is very tired.
He lost his fortune gambling.
It's washed and rinsed out.
It's washed and flushed.
Billions of dollars are at stake in the squabble over a tax tactic called “inversion,” that President Barack Obama believes is not fair to their American competitors or the hard-working American taxpayer.
The latest tragedy comes just weeks after some 150 people lost their lives in a shipwreck considered to have been the worst single incident on the Mediterranean this year.
The bacterium that causes tuberculosis can lie dormant for years before taking advantage of a weakened immune system to 'wake up' and spread.
Every year, they set out pitfall traps: two-liter plastic buckets buried in the soil, with pieces of slightly rotten chicken for bait.
The pitfall that the Leadership Now Project and other groups like it will have to navigate around is the relentless politicization of issues such as voting rights and racial equity.
There will be other conservation efforts, including combating coral-eating crown-of-thorns starfish and illegal fishing.
Here the air was usually rough and a good percentage of air travelers were troubled with airsickness.
Cherry blossom, cedar and white birch trees provide different flavors of alcohol in Japan.
It would take less than three hours by tank from the Russian border across the flat Baltic grasslands and birch forests to reach the Tapa military base in Estonia.
Tom and Mary are survivalists.
Tom and Mary are preppers.
They named an airport after Tom.
Tom has super strength.
Tom has super speed.
Tom has the power to make himself invisible.
Do you have any final thoughts?
Is it yours or mine?
They seem like cool people.
"69 more days until the show." "Nice."
"And my father died at the age of 69." "Nice." "What the fuck is wrong with you?"
We'll go there when the leaves start changing color.
I welcome this kind of examination because people have got to know whether or not their President is a crook. Well, I'm not a crook. I've earned everything I've got.
I think in multiple languages.
I mostly think in French, but sometimes I'll think a little in English.
I often think in Esperanto as well.
This will be the thing that makes Tom become the Joker.
This will be the thing that makes Tom go postal.
Tom seemed unconcerned with the impropriety of his question.
Advertising shits in your head.
We still have options.
Dr. Jackson loses a suspicious number of patients.
Dr. Jackson owns three houses.
Dr. Jackson has never been to his third house in Boston.
I've seen a few episodes.
Dr. Jackson is a brilliant endocrinologist.
I rarely ever met Tom's dad growing up, as he was an ER doctor.
Tom isn't sure how many houses he owns.
We could make sauce tomorrow.
That was exquisite.
Tom looks like a potato.
Tom looks like an egg.
I thought it was outstanding.
The exterior insulation on almost three dozen high-rise buildings in England has failed fire safety tests, according to the Department for Communities and Local Government.
The space shuttle Columbia disintegrated upon re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere in February 2003 after debris punctured the orbiter's insulation, allowing superheated gases to penetrate its wing.
They developed a biodegradable product that could replace man-made insulation.
Wednesday’s quake, whose epicenter was 125 kilometers or almost 78 miles away, shook and shuddered Celleno’s medieval and modern houses for about 20 seconds.
In the Democratic Republic of Congo, a cycling club faces an uphill struggle: getting the financial support to compete, including in pan-African races.
With the election over and former vice president Joe Biden projected as the winner, President Donald Trump faces an uphill battle in his push to overturn the results with scant evidence of fraudulent voting or improper vote counting.
"Hurrah! hurrah! hurrah!" cried a young boy, as he capered vigorously about, and clapped his hands.
The film shows how a meek, marginalized man who suffers from mental health disorders is driven by society into a downward spiral, turning into a homicidal maniac.
Our bodies, indeed, are nigh each other, but our souls are sundered.
An immoral political system is created whenever there are privileged classes—that is, classes who have arrogated to themselves rights while throwing the duties upon others.
The glamour-girl-next-door image of Eileen Gu holding Lunar New Year treats illuminates bus stop ads throughout Beijing.
But like those enduring challenges, xenophobic attacks are also proving hard to wipe out.
He says the incident is lamentable but the government wants to reaffirm that it will not affect in anyway the organization and security of the soccer tournament.
Examples of conditions that may cause episodic periods of incapacity include asthma, diabetes, epilepsy, etc.
Zimbabwe's food situation in both urban and rural areas remained precarious in 2006.
Once, these precarious dinghies were a rare sight in the Canary Islands.
Nigeria may be an Anglophone country, but festival organizer Serge Noukoue said it makes sense to hold the festival in the French capital.
Analysts are also asking why AirAsia would allow an aircraft part to malfunction 23 times without grounding the plane for further investigation.
Russian space officials said Friday that a software malfunction had caused the unexpected firing of thrusters on a newly arrived module, moving the International Space Station out of its intended attitude.
Tom was picked last.
He thinks, like that, that he can swindle me: he can mourn it!
He thinks he can swindle me like that : he can mourn it!
He is like the one who has no siblings and does not stop slandering.
Tom was declared a heretic.
I didn't realize you had more comments to make.
The gnomes are on strike.
"Those who struggle are not sure to win, but those who do not struggle have already lost," would have said Berthold Brecht.
Tatoeba contributors should get Clozemaster for free.
That's not weed.
This isn't blow.
Tom, don't drink that. It's not beer. It's... too late.
I know words. I have the best words... but there is no better word than "stupid."
Lithuania was much bigger back then.
We didn't domesticate cats; cats domesticated us.
Tom is terminally online.
Tom is a denizen of the Internet.
Tom lives online.
Tom owns a Guy Fawkes mask.
Tom's projecting.
You're projecting.
That's projection.
Are you questioning Tom's probity?
The defense attorneys cast aspersions on the probity of the witness.
A mockingbird sang in the other room.
Why would you debase yourself like that?
Believe me, Tom, it's not possible for you to debase yourself.
This is where you'll find Boston's seedy underbelly.
Does Boston have a seedy underbelly?
That's a bootleg cartridge.
Stop reading about diseases, Tom.
Tom, we've known each other for a long time. I know what that face means.
They did this after gaining access to the official's email account and using it to send national security officials a "dupe email" urging action about an upcoming press conference.
In Washington, Attorney General Ashcroft said the government is determined to prosecute and imprison those who would dupe charitable donors to finance violence overseas.
The mission is full of landmarks: it will be the first time a South Korean woman has headed into orbit, and it will also be the first time that "kimchi"—that spicy, garlicky cabbage dish that epitomizes South Korea—will be served at the zero-gravity dinner table.
Top health officials have been trying to quell these fears.
The military was brought in to help the governor quell the uprising.
The government is taking steps to quell voter unrest over surging inflation.
In Arcaicam Esperantom, the ending -es can be applied to any noun to form the genitive.
Arcaicam Esperantom is a fictional "archaic" version of Esperanto created by Manuel Halvelik.
Doctors look for a family history of heart disease and use an electrocardiogram to check for cardiovascular abnormalities.
The president's pious concern was to reshape the country.
I wish these pious people had reached more sensible conclusions.
A 'big manhood' is necessary to make a woman reach orgasm.
She wasn't experiencing anything remotely close to an orgasm.
Some respondents reported they'd experienced orgasm while exercising.
Somewhere along the way we forgot that money was a means, not an end.
Tom drew a thin line.
You don't give cats commands; you give them suggestions.
Cats are an invasive species in the Americas.
We're citizen scientists.
We're citizen journalists.
I don't know why anymore.
It is a necessity of the human mind to give everything a name, thus recognising a difference between one thing and another, and recording it.
The high, flat mountaintop is covered with many green juniper and pinon pine trees.
He used flavorings from trees and plants like sassafras and sarsaparilla, wintergreen, birch bark, herbs and juniper berries.
I just saw this van going full pelt down the middle of the road...
It was an era of explosive growth in scientific ideas and techniques, suffused with a creative urge engendered by new philosophical insights and the excitement of discovery.
He tossed his guest a question as soft as a chinchilla pelt.
Scientists say cilantro, a favorite ingredient in Mexican and Southeast Asian cooking, shows promise as a so-called biosorbent to mop up heavy metals that have leached into ground water from factories in many developing countries.
Saying that place was sterile would be a bit of an overstatement.
They were placed in a sterile plexiglass box for observation.
He is an anthropology professor at our university who studies the evolution of societies.
His degree in cultural anthropology shapes his thirst to socially experiment.
That doesn't give you the right to belittle those who follow the Mormon faith.
The measures are part of efforts to consolidate its increasingly authoritarian grip.
Klingon has some partially-developed dialects as well, often invented to explain an actor's bad pronunciation.
They continued to consolidate their leadership position in that space.
I took out a loan to consolidate my credit card debt.
An alpha male is an untested, unstable, buggy, and incomplete version of a male.
Tom was the only person in a bowtie.
I'll file your opinion with all the others.
Tom isn't a linear thinker.
Cookie scratched Tom.
See these scratches? That's the sign of a cat owner.
It's your hit, Tom.
Hey, Tom, it's your hit.
I don't care, Cookie.
Are there any questions, comments, concerns?
There was some signs that Tom was working with a very basic understanding of the history of Nazi Germany.
You're a sophist.
Of course, there won't be a good end to the whole thing.
There won't be a concerted effort to make whatever solution work as cleanly as possible; they are just going to smack straight into a serious crisis that threatens everyone.
"Why do you use Proton Mail?" "I have the right to use it. Why don't you?"
We could put one on the inside of the bathroom door.
We could adapt that to so many different things.
My cat Cookie woke me up this morning by climbing onto my chest.
A continent is just a really big island.
Why is the universe the way it is?
Tom asked me if I still did sex work.
A lot of people do do that.
Alcoholics Anonymous is a faith healing program.
Faith healing is not legitimate.
Faith healing is proven not to work.
I haven't been sent back to the psych ward in years.
I was completely serious.
Weed is legal in New York.
You are not safe from Ohio.
The psych ward discharged me.
There used to be smoking rooms in psych wards.
I met Tom at the psych ward.
The staff at psych wards are still very cruel.
There are plenty of very good reasons why I might not be your cup of tea.
People always told me to be careful about what I did.
I looked at my cat and said, "Thank you for existing, Cookie."
There aren't any blue hedgehogs, Tom.
"Cute little hedgehog, what's its name?" "Cookie." "Ow! That wouldn't be fun to eat."
Don't yuck someone else's yum.
That doesn't apply to everything.
The strong force is responsible for 99% of proton and neutron mass.
I have a lot of idiosyncrasies; feel free to mention if something sounds unnatural.
It wasn't about you.
Skunks eat fleas.
We had a baby skunk on our porch.
I don't think it's right to remove a skunk's scent glands.
Skunks are so pretty.
We've got two skunks and a raccoon on our porch.
Raccoons are so big!
Don't kill skunks. They eat a lot of nasty bugs.
Don't kill any animal.
Humans are the silliest animals.
The Jerusalem Talmud was written in the Galilee because Jews were banned from going into Jerusalem for all but one day of the year.
Jerusalem was violently de-Judaized by the Roman Empire.
My opinion changed as I saw and learned more.
Tom is very much a Millennial.
Tom announced that he was leaving the group.
Your tail is cute.
The ray population exploded, and the scallop fisheries were decimated.
The octopus was using a discarded scallop shell as shelter.
"Meow?" "Yes."
That doesn't sound like my voice.
As you get older, you start getting more and more aches and pains.
I support other people's right to do sex work unharassed, and I support eliminating the economic system that makes them have to.
Cookie likes him, so he's probably a good guy.
"Everyone has only one country, but I have two," say those who live outside their own.
Sex work is work.
Sex work is work, and work is bad.
Tom is a sex worker.
Mary is a sex worker.
That word is proscribed by the French Academy.
America doesn't need another centrist party; the Democrats are enough.
America could use a left-wing party.
Nephrops trawlers and scallop dredgers were allowed to continue using the area.
You're a lot of things, Tom, but simple isn't one of them.
That's not what I said, though.
I'd let Tom seize my means of production.
Tom suffers from delusions.
It was a UFO.
It may have been an unidentified flying object, but it was almost certainly not an alien spacecraft.
You have agency.
Tom spends five minutes a day with everyone.
Yiddish doesn't have the same word order as German.
In Yiddish, unlike German, subordinate clauses retain the verb-second word order.
In German, when you subordinate an infinitive to a finite verb, it is moved to the end of the sentence. In Yiddish, only certain types of words will come before the infinitive, such as pronouns, adverbs, and subject nouns.
Yiddish borrows Hebrew verbs by combining their present participles with auxiliary verbs such as zayn or vern. The auxiliary verb is inflected as usual, while the Hebrew element is treated as an infinitive or attached preposition.
Yiddish, like French, requires double negatives.
Yiddish is full of Slavic vocabulary, extending also to derivational suffixes.
Often you can tell a Yiddish word was borrowed directly from modern German because of a final -e.
The church does not proscribe monarchy and prescribe democracy, or proscribe democracy and prescribe monarchy.
The Yiddish word for love, libe, is borrowed from modern German. The inherited Yiddish word, lib, is used to say things like "I love you" ("ikh hob dikh lib").
Yiddish has quite a few pairs of doublets where one word is inherited from Middle High German and another is borrowed from Modern High German.
I wish I knew how to talk about this better.
Don't get me talking about French.
Tom handed me a glass tumbler.
Don't obfuscate the reality of what happened in the Holocaust by drawing exaggerated comparisons.
Everyone seems to love to obfuscate the Holocaust.
"My MP3 player gives me up to 70 hours of playback." "They still make MP3 players?"
Tom broke his femur.
What is frankincense, anyway? Some sort of monster?
Tom let out a loud guffaw.
There is a more expeditious way we could be doing this.
The discus and the shot put are two different things.
Tom's vexation was evident.
These ingenious stories of the success of the imperturbable Sherlock Holmes, who had made his first appearance in A Study in Scarlet (1887), in detecting crime and disentangling mystery, found a host of imitators.
"You're not a communist, are you?" "Yes."
We've arranged a parley.
There was a momentary lull in the violence as the leaders of the two sides parleyed.
Something's up with Tom.
Tom took a guess.
"Modern Hebrew is a colonizer language," they said in English.
I might have made a mistake.
Learning multiple languages really messed with my ability to use proper punctuation in any language.
Like the moth of the inchworm it climbs trees to lay its eggs, but can be prevented by the use of tar on the trunk.
Happy are those who dwell in Your house; they will forever praise You. Selah.
Ashkenazim, Sephardim, and Mizrahim are genetically extremely close to each other, closer than to the peoples who surrounded them in the Diaspora.
The double standard is impossible to ignore.
Other Jewish subgroups often stereotype Ashkenazim as boring and joyless.
Tom was supposed to call me at 2:30.
The closest thing to a hell in Judaism is really more like a purgatory.
The Jewish term "Gehinnom" is often translated as "Hell," but one only stays there for a year at most.
You can be whatever you want to be.
Personally, I would not do that, but you do you.
It makes sense as a general goal to work towards.
Intersex children are the only children receiving gender reassignment surgery, and the right supports it in their case, unlike the left.
Tom is too smart for his own good.
I'd love to be a cat.
Tom's fursona is a lion.
Mary's fursona is a bat.
I want to pet a flying fox.
My fursona is a flying fox.
Isn't your fursona a ferret?
I ate a little salad.
I hope I didn't say the wrong thing.
It's quiet here.
That also works as a translation, I would say.
I don't know anything about this person and am not endorsing them.
A lot of people did do that.
I would say this is a sentence.
This seems like a bit of an anachronism.
I love your site!
I've been to it a few times before.
It's the sort of thing I'm interested in, as you can probably tell.
I should be able to get you the list by Monday or Tuesday, but possibly tomorrow.
These aren't related.
Can we talk this week?
I feel bad about missing that, so bad that it's taken me a while to email you.
I don't have much of a voice, but I should still be able to talk today.
I'm just making sure this is still going on.
There's no link.
Where's the link?
I'm just starting to have a migraine come on.
I can do phone or Zoom or come in, and am open to other options.
I haven't been in the best mental state today and I'm not sure I'll be very communicative.
It's been a weird week for me mentally.
I don't know what exactly has been going on.
I've been experiencing depression and dissociation.
I'm doing better typing right now than talking.
I hope I'll be better next week.
I was wondering if my reply earlier this year had come off the wrong way.
I understand the book arrived by mail?
My attempts to get this addressed have been met with brick walls, only a form response, and no one has provided the number or any information of someone I could get in contact with to address this.
The process has in general been Kafkaesque and demoralizing.
How do I talk to a human being about this?
Delete my account and stop sending me emails.
I just shipped it yesterday or Monday. Hope it gets there OK.
I don't get migraines often anymore, but when I get them, they're bad.
You're practically an expert.
We share a driveway with one of our neighbors.
We have a long driveway.
We have a short driveway.
We have a double driveway.
We have milkweed growing in our backyard.
We don't own this place.
Have you fed the porch cats?
What's Caller ID?
Kurt Cobain mercifully killed the 80s.
The 80s were a terrible time to be queer.
Is a burrito a sandwich?
What people get wrong about the story of Abraham being asked to sacrifice Isaac, is that they were surrounded by peoples who really did sacrifice their children to their gods. In sparing Isaac, God signals that He will be a new kind of god, one that doesn't ask for the blood of children.
I prefer the original story.
Watch out for cats.
Tom was just trolling.
The word משפחה (family) is pronounced "mishpakhá" in Modern Hebrew and "mishpókhe" (or "mishpúkhe") in Yiddish.
A cappella concerts are being held on campuses around the country, and many are sold out, packed tighter than sporting events.
Botswana wildlife authorities have refuted reports the country's rhinoceros population is on the verge of extinction due to poaching.
Please flush after pooping.
Her site offers a range of experiences, from $3,000 all-in tours, to shorter, a la carte experiences that last a few hours and cost, on average, $77.
Often neighbors take several trips together each year, sharing gasoline costs, home-cooked meals — not to mention laughs and memories. Even with poor gas mileage on most RV units, these vagabonds can travel for about one-fifth what others pay who fly, buy meals in restaurants, and stay in motels.
In Aachen, Macron is slated to deliver a major speech on the 28-member bloc — that dwindles to 27 with Britain’s slated 2019 departure — described as a continuation but not a replica of one he delivered at the Sorbonne University in Paris last September.
I'm a former drug addict.
Political analysts said the Hindu nationalist BJP’s defeat should not be interpreted as a rejection of its ideological platform but rather as an endorsement by voters of the Aam Aadmi Party’s focus on issues of development.
The autoimmune disorder causes abdominal pain, bloating, malnutrition and anemia, and increases the risk of cancer.
From fitting rooms with creative technology, to interactive home remodeling, the latest innovations highlighted at this year’s National Retail Federation “BIG Show” in New York show us the dazzling future of the walk-in shopping experience.
He told the Australian Broadcasting Corp. that most of the credits do not represent a real or extra carbon abatement.
With the help of modern technology, this California-based company has given new life to the concept of the opposed-piston engine, mostly abandoned after the second World War.
He must decide whether to leave or stay. Digging is useless.
You're beautiful at any size, but I think you're hotter when you're fat.
The world we live in does not obey the norms of reactionaries.
Reactionaries have tried in vain to force everyone to stop finding the wrong people attractive.
Reactionaries are themselves ultimately in a war against human nature, which is both weirder and less restricted than they are willing to accept.
Self-healing plastic could be used in a number of ways, White said. For example, it could be used as a protective coating on metal.
As most of the world was warming up between 1910 and 1980, some areas south of the equator near the Andes were actually cooling down, and then afterwards had no change at all until the middle 1990s.
The world's main creditor nations, known as the Paris Club, will meet next week in the French capital to consider a moratorium on debt repayments by the countries most affected by the December 26 disaster.
The "Trust Project," a consortium of news agencies and tech firms meeting in Santa Clara, California, is creating a "trust indicator" to make readers aware of a news story's credibility.
The President was patient, persuasive, reasonable: the General was querulous, petty and sometimes actually insulting.
One New York City Park is getting some non-human help maintaining its green space this week, as a herd of goats has been brought in to help trim the lawn.
When asked about the spill's impact on residents, he said the leakage took place in a remote area where there is no human settlement.
Investigators who conducted an inspection in China to determine origins of the COVID-19 virus will release a report on their findings in mid-March, a World Health Organization official said Friday.
In the outdoor kitchen, they cook eggplant parmigiana, which instantly becomes a favorite.
They say so-called structural adjustment policies advocated by international donors over the past 10 years have made Malawians poorer and malnourished — and less able to fend off the current food crisis.
Extend your legs only to the extent of the space that is yours.
Extend your legs only to the extent of your space.
The name of Saint-Augustine would come from "Agastan, native of Tagast", the current city of Souk-Ahras. Agastan and Tagast have the same root "gst".
“To others, everything one does is a sin, but to oneself, it is a delight,” the playwright Mohya said in the tirade he titled “Moo!"
Apostasy is a human right.
Harvard alum Tom Jackson isn't the sort of person you would expect to forget how to tie his shoes.
Second City alum Tom Jackson will be co-starring.
"If you do good, forget it", they say in Kabyle. “But if you do evil, remember it”.
I don't really know anything about the pharmacology of venlafaxine.
We believe we're seeing signs of incipient fascism.
It was a real pain in the butt.
The Nobility Clause of the U.S. Constitution (Article 1, Section 9) is intended to prevent federal officeholders from receiving any type of compensation from foreign governments to avoid a corrupting influence.
One species of grass defends itself by harboring a toxic fungus that fends off hungry animals. But moose can graze on the grass with no ill effect.
But musicians here are grappling with an even more basic truth: most radio and TV stations play their music but do not pay royalty fees.
A giant rhinoceros the size of three African elephants once grazed on treetops in Tibet, but succumbed to climate change more than 20 million years ago.
Toronto is the center of the universe.
The U.N. Children’s Fund (UNICEF) reports a growing number of children in eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo orphaned by the Ebola outbreak in the region are at risk of stigmatization and abandonment.
How are they supposed to pay such an exorbitant fine?
Vehicle-to-vehicle, or V2V, is a short-range communication technology that enables vehicles to exchange vital information 10 times per second, about location, speed, acceleration and braking.
The research team used a nano-machining technique to break down pure silicon wafers — like those used to make computer chips — into miniscule silicon flakes 50 times thinner than a human hair.
Many cities in Europe have pledged to phase out diesel cars — and there’s hope that sales of electric vehicles could take over as battery life improves.
He was diving for abalone off Cape Howe south of Sydney when a 3-meter great white shark attacked.
You should not disown your brother, even if he takes it upon himself to swallow you up.
One must not deny one's brother, even if he wants to engulf you.
Maybe I'm the problem.
Tom is supposed to submit the report by the end of play.
Even the ersatz of the flies imposed their menu on us, the content of which I will not have to bellow.
Luckily, we have writers, alumni and fellow graduates, who really know how to write novels. Among them, one wrote "Iḍ d wass (Nights and days long)". He is Amar Mezdad.
Maybe Tom's the problem.
In order for his novel to be impeccable, I can swear without failing that he spent entire days and nights in it. From which emerges a more than pleasant reading.
Anger is a double-edged sword.
Can cats have flax milk?
Can cats have salami?
It's not my first time with this kind of weather.
Tom is the hero of his own story.
Everyone is born a narcissist.
Everyone is born looking at the world the way a narcissist does, but most grow out of it.
In a six-hour procedure, space station commander Sunita Wiliams and Japanese astronaut Akihiko Hoshide successfully reconfigured ammonia coolant lines to bypass the suspect radiator, which may have been hit by space debris months earlier.
Tom wrote a 1,300-page book about how he's a hero and everyone else is mean to him.
Across town, another urban syrup maker now collects sap from a network of friends and neighbors, boils it down in his evaporator and returns syrup to the sap donors.
After weathering record-breaking temperatures, parts of Europe are now gripped by a punishing drought that is shriveling harvests, sparking water shortages and taking a toll on wildlife.
Mr. Ndou says he tries to debunk many of the boys' myths, like a commonly held one that the lubrication on condoms contains worms.
The garnets are an unexpected habitat for microbes because of their hardness.
Inside a hut that echoed with emptiness at Masizini, a village in the interior of South Africa’s Wild Coast region, a woman in a pink uniform, its shoulders adorned with purple padding into which silver and blue medals were pinned, folded her ample arms, sighed and laughed.
Scientists at the University of Michigan say they may have found the solution to one of the most hated winter-time chores — scraping ice from car windshields.
Initial tests of McIntyre's well water showed unsafe levels of toluene, a volatile and toxic petrochemical that causes nausea and headaches.
A transformer explosion at an electrical facility illuminated the New York City skyline in a blaze of blue light Thursday night.
I hate magicians!
French is hard to learn to pronounce.
In Tom we trust.
Leib lives in Brooklyn.
It's not just Trump; it's the entire philosophy that underpins the—I'm going to say something, it's like semi-fascism.
Tom got zucked.
Time is a flat circle.
Another Jew was murdered in France.
Eyal Haddad was a Tunisian Jew who sought refuge in France, only to be murdered there.
A drunk man followed me home and stood in front of my door, asking for oral sex.
"Meow! Meow? Meow!!" "It's not quite time yet, Cookie."
Over the centuries, mathematicians, scientists and others have enjoyed the challenge of trying to calculate π to as far of a decimal point as possible.
Now, he tells the story of the Civil Rights movement through the eyes of a White House butler as he served eight U.S. presidents.
And children, who seem to overhear everything interesting, might start asking questions.
All that our elders have said will remain for eternity: everything is rooted in it. We can go so far as to say that there is nothing to add to it, nor to take away from it.
Into each hole, we inserted a small aluminum tube called a spile, tapped it snug with a hammer and hung a sheet metal contraption with a plastic bag on it from the spile.
But in the few short weeks since, she had caught more than one glimpse of Primeval Nature,—she of the bloody fang, blind, remorseless, insensate, destroying, ever destroying.
Eleven-year-old Gracia sits in a chair that is two sizes too big for her, dangling her skinny legs and speaking with poise and wisdom about a life that has not been easy.
The sole ray of sunshine in this dreary brood is seven-year-old Olive: bespectacled, slightly chubby, but full of youthful optimism.
Officials are using their wealth of masks to fortify relations with specific countries that are receiving Vietnamese masks, analysts believe.
He said the loss of 800,000 barrels per day is due to "incessant attacks and disruption of production in the Niger Delta."
Do you have an advance directive or living will?
Do you have a healthcare proxy?
In Premium Rush, a routine delivery for a New York bicycle courier turns into a race against the clock when a mysterious stranger tries to hijack the package.
Eyal Haddad was unquestionably murdered for antisemitic reasons.
Decolonial writer Albert Memmi said that the term "Arab Jew" was a fiction, although many Mizrahim would have liked to be Arab Jews before their expulsion.
Rest in pizza, Gorbachev.
Hail Gorbachev!
Gorbachev was the only Soviet leader to do a commercial for an American restaurant chain.
Gorbachev sold the Soviet Union for pizza.
The fall of the Soviet Union should be a good thing, but its replacement kept all of its bad qualities while selling off its good qualities.
I think this is much better; how about you?
We all have our superstitions.
You're a poet and you didn't know it!
It's not consent unless it can be revoked at any time.
It's not consent unless it's given freely.
I consider it highly inconsistent for socialists and anarchists to discriminate in any shape or form against the Jews.
"What would you think if someone mocked you after your death?" "Literally nothing."
Burnout happens.
Leib is studying pharmacology.
Esther has had aphasia for the last month.
Tom went flaccid.
We talked about prehistory, history, the future, the whole shebang.
You used to be an airman?
Tom was promoted from Airman to Airman First Class.
Movable type was invented in 11th-century China.
Is it movable?
Every possible permutation of our world exists in a separate universe.
He tapped the ball off for Rivaldo on his right, who scored the equalizer.
Seoul is circulating the idea of normalizing Washington-Pyongyang ties even before North Korea takes a potential step toward denuclearization, but experts said the notion is likely to be rejected by the U.S. as well as North Korea.
The machine moves the hot well-water through one pipe next to another filled with a cooling material called refrigerant.
Principles are important.
A Ph.D. student found a fundamental flaw in research published in 2014, and upon which she was building her research, which led to a retraction by the original author.
That's the reaction by many people regarding the coronavirus pandemic, as the delta variant appeared to be winding down, only to be replaced by omicron.
Buy a gun.
Flexible piping is very prominent at the rebuilt Higashinada sewage treatment plant on Kobe's waterfront.
Can you give me some space?
"Can you give me some space?" "Of course." "Sorry." "Don't ever apologize for asking for space. Do it as often as you need to."
Traditional fogging mists miss many of the hidden insects, and it can take several expensive visits, plus wholesale laundering of all your linens and clothing, to get rid of them.
While there are other certification systems farmers can access in Ghana, these are expensive processes and aimed at export markets, Benedict added.
Arcing from power lines, caused by the high winds, triggered several wildfires.
Indian migrant doctors in Australia are dispensing medical advice through phone lines and via the internet, about hospital treatment and drugs to help patients in India fend off coronavirus infections.
“I am neither the right wing nor the left wing. I am the bird,” says an Indian proverb.
We walked for nights and days.
We walked for days and nights.
Go ahead without deviating.
As if we didn't have enough opponents!
August is too long.
I'm unsure if this is actually true.
I'm not sure if that qualifies as relative tense.
In trying to find academic sources to support this sentence, I came up empty-handed.
The Republican Party has killed a large number of its voters during the pandemic.
Adam was androgynous before Eve was created.
I need a little personal space.
I make do with very little.
One of our cats is getting old.
I have a urology appointment on the 20th.
In what zoo officials claim is the world's largest glazed geodesic dome, thousands of visitors wind their way through the world's largest indoor desert.
The larvae mate inside the victim and after the male dies, the female emerges from a blister on the skin and can only be gradually pulled out.
A Central African Republic official said rebels are edging closer to the capital and to a so-called red line set up by an African multi-national force.
Scientists have decoded the genetic blueprint of the world's third most important food crop: the potato.
The documentary examines the creative and commercial value of this practice, called musical sampling.
Lt. Gen. Osama Rabei, the head of the Suez Canal Authority, said in a statement that after “successful push and tow maneuvers,” the vessel’s stern had moved from 4 meters away from the bank of the canal to more than 100 meters away.
Finally it was on September 30th 1846 that the chemical ether was used for the first time as a medical anesthetic.
An area near the Tutakoke River is a nesting ground for Brant Geese and Eider ducks, two of the 27 species being tested throughout the state.
Many had blood streaming down their faces, staining their special white garments a crimson red.
This adapter lets you plug in up to four USB devices.
Tell Tom to keep his hands to himself.
Tom brought his whole brood with him.
Tell Tom I'm not interested.
Tell Tom he did a great job tonight.
Tell Tom that I know.
Tell Tom I forgive him.
Tell Tom I loved meeting his kitties!
I loved meeting your kitties!
Tom said he had forgiven you.
I like Tom, warts and all.
Some say King David was bi.
"Has Cookie been acting weird lately?" "He's a cat."
I ate a small salad.
I'm not sure if that distinction is valid.
Now go ahead, put your feet up.
I'd really love to stretch my legs.
He seems like a bent-over simpleton.
He is a clever thief.
He's a cunning thief.
He's a devious thief.
He is a skilled thief.
They said the MESSENGER spacecraft has yielded measurements of excess hydrogen and reflectance, as well as information that has helped them understand temperatures of Mercury's north polar regions.
Scientists at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, the California mission control center for this NASA project, say Juno will pierce the dense clouds of the gas-covered giant and offer insights into its origin and nature of both the planet and our solar system.
At 4:00 p.m., the 7-11 convenience stores which occupy nearly every street corner in this school district are packed with boys buying fried fish-balls, barbecued pork buns and chocolate bars.
Even as COVID-19 abates, the threat of crime deters commerce.
We have done it before and we can do it again bonded by our common love for our country, resolute in our determination to overcome the challenges that lie ahead and convinced that by working together we will build the fair and just, and decent society to which Nelson Mandela dedicated his life.
U.S. defense officials are declining to assign responsibility for an attack on a major air base in western Iraq, days after 10 rockets slammed into the compound that houses American and coalition troops.
One abattoir granted a license as a subcontractor to the Cold Storage Company was said to belong to Trade and Industry Minister Obert Mpofu, who issued the order to re-license the abattoirs.
This process called curing interferes with the growth of bacteria.
The bladeless converter creates less noise than traditional wind turbines and does not suffer from the gyroscopic effect, which makes it easier to adjust to changes in wind direction.
The full-size hoverbike will be powered by a gasoline engine turning an alternator to provide power for its four electric rotors.
He and his colleagues wanted to find what they called “hotspots” of future food insecurity: places with the greatest exposure to climate change, highest sensitivity to its impacts, and the least ability to cope with them.
Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou Saturday witnessed the destruction of about 12 tons of food believed to be contaminated with the plasticizer.
Also in July, assailants set fire to a local radio station and several buildings, and two journalists were briefly kidnapped.
I can see no reason why the law, or, if the courts are too slow to move, the Legislature, should not recognise this transfer and legalise this custom.
The company said 450 additional jobs will be created when it moves axle production for its full-size pickup trucks to Michigan from Mexico.
Humanitarian organizations fear the ongoing impasse and the hostile rhetoric could heighten local xenophobia.
Openness and toughness characterize Korean diplomacy.
They're saying that the Sun's magnetic field is about to reverse or flip its polarity.
One commuter who endures a one-and-one-half-hour drive from the outer suburbs to his job in a center city recommends listening to a good "book on tape," which he says distracts him.
"We suffer half in our youth, the other half in our old age", our writer Amar Mezdad likes to remind us.
Tom has a proclivity for violence.
Tom and Mary sat in chairs on the quad, reading.
You don't care about Tom. You're only using him as a cudgel to beat John with.
Tom's apostasy will not go unpunished.
Tom's campaign was successful.
You have a proclivity for getting yourself into difficult situations.
Everyone went apeshit.
Tom's going apeshit.
Our cats are going apeshit.
Tom went apeshit when they announced that he was the winner.
You can't hit them all out of the park.
I still haven't thought of a cadre name.
Vermilion is made from cinnabar, which is toxic.
It's a lovely vermilion color.
First, ignorance is not bliss.
Anxiety overwhelms us.
Anxiety destroys us.
Anxiety gnaws at us.
While we were adjusting the lens a kookaburra somewhere out of sight burst into his peals of derisive laughter; the shrill chorus of unseen frogs, an ever-present accompaniment to the stillness of the Australian country, was the only other sound.
Search planes found a 20-kilometer-long oil slick, apparently left by the Air France jet.
The army colonel was returning to his base after inspecting a forward camp of an Assam Rifles paramilitary battalion that he commanded when the rebels launched the attack on his convoy, first exploding an improvised explosive device and then firing automatic weapons from both sides of the road, police said.
Deirdre Carney suspected she might have COVID-19 when her temperature began to fluctuate above the normal 37 degrees Celsius.
"This is a proxy conflict between the former president and the former vice president," William A. Galston, a senior fellow in Brookings' Governance Studies program, told VOA as ballots were being cast on Tuesday.
We had tethers for our horses, hooks for cutting grass for them, and axes for supplying ourselves with firewood to keep up blazing fires at night.
Secretary General Kofi Annan says the United Nations is struggling to balance contradictory pressures as it tries to restore stability to war-torn countries.
A petition started by a student from Indiana's Purdue University to reimburse tuition costs as well as room and board fees has more than 600 signatures.
I have no difficulty finding people who disagree with you.
Everyone should have a say.
My goal is to visit all the bagel places in Boston.
New Yorkers swear there are no good bagels outside the city.
Too much of what's happening in our country today is not normal.
Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans represent an extremism that threatens the very foundations of our republic.
But there is no question that the Republican Party today is dominated, driven, and intimidated by Donald Trump and the MAGA Republicans, and that is a threat to this country.
I believe it is my duty to level with you, to tell the truth no matter how difficult, no matter how painful. And here, in my view, is what is true: MAGA Republicans do not respect the Constitution. They do not believe in the rule of law. They do not recognize the will of the people. They refuse to accept the results of a free election. And they're working right now, as I speak, in state after state to give power to decide elections in America to partisans and cronies, empowering election deniers to undermine democracy itself.
MAGA forces are determined to take this country backwards — backwards to an America where there is no right to choose, no right to privacy, no right to contraception, no right to marry who you love.
They promote authoritarian leaders, and they fan the flames of political violence that are a threat to our personal rights, to the pursuit of justice, to the rule of law, to the very soul of this country.
MAGA Republicans have made their choice. They embrace anger. They thrive on chaos. They live not in the light of truth but in the shadow of lies.
We're all called, by duty and conscience, to confront extremists who will put their own pursuit of power above all else.
Democracy cannot survive when one side believes there are only two outcomes to an election: either they win or they were cheated.
Tom's hometown was occupied by little green men.
Tom's home planet was occupied by little green men.
I have nine lives.
I just lost all respect for Tom.
Tom inadvertently caused the cataclysm.
There aren't many evil people, but they are very dedicated.
Republicans claim every election they lose was rigged.
Republicans have the mentality of a toddler who screams "YOU CHEATED!" whenever they lose.
Happy Fake Labor Day!
It's a very cynical outlook, and I don't agree with it, but I think it's more right than wrong.
What tools should I bring?
When are you guys coming back?
It was a really tiny spark that set the bush ablaze.
It was a small spark that set the bush on fire.
It was a tiny spark that set fire to the bush.
We're Jews.
The 2-by-3-meter barnacle-encrusted chunk, weighing about 100 kilograms, was discovered Saturday by fishermen after it washed up about 800 kilometers south of Bangkok.
To address wrinkling below eye level, plastic surgeons turn to fillers, including tiny plastic beads, liquid silicone, and collagen from cows and even humans to plump up the grooves in one's skin.
It'll be arriving early.
Conversely, hard-pressed refugees talk of discrimination, exploitation by landlords and even greater abuses flowing from local resentment.
TEPCO said it hopes to use a turbine condenser to remove some of the water at the number three reactor and more water may be transferred to other buildings at the Fukushima complex.
An abaya is a traditional robe-like dress or coat made of thin flowing fabric such as chiffon or georgette, and is usually made in black.
All you do is shitpost.
Consider the Roomba, a programmable robotic vacuum which cleans floors on its own.
Opening the desk drawer, which was almost empty, Pembroke removed an automatic pistol fitted with a silencer.
The cats have fleas.
Poland has rebuffed a ruling by the bloc’s highest court, claiming its own constitution has precedence over the EU laws it vowed to follow when it joined the club in 2004, although it now appears to have backed down.
Before COVID-19, much of the contact tracing U.S. health departments did was for sexually transmitted infections, which carry more of a stigma than the coronavirus infection.
Doctors repaired Healey's aneurysm, but Dr. Rubin explains that when the aneurysm suddenly bursts, the situation becomes a life-or-death emergency.
I have several jobs.
Most people don't care about most people.
Most people don't care about you.
I have several jobs here.
Oof.
When I was your age, we had to walk six miles in the snow to get to school, in our bare feet, uphill both ways!
Everyone's entitled to be an idiot.
English speakers are used to hearing all kinds of accents.
English speakers are used to hearing foreigners speak the language.
Do you want to wrap this up soon?
The dogs have fleas.
Mohand thinks I wrote something stupid.
"Anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at the bottom appears the light", said Friedrich Nietzsche.
My brain isn't cooperating today.
We got some Pink Kush.
A growing demand by the middle class and increasing trade between African countries act like a shock absorber for the global economic slowdown.
Between the years 796 and 809 — during a period generally seen as the “golden age” of Islam — the then ruler of the Abbasid caliphate, Harun al-Rashid, moved his capital from Baghdad to Raqqa.
The human vocal instrument has the three elements common to all musical instruments,—a motor, a vibrator, and a resonator; to which is added—what all other instruments lack—an articulator.
I happened last year to be at the Cologne Station, waiting for the train, and employed my spare time in looking over the book stall for something to read on my way to Aix-la-Chapelle.
It can be used as a lubricant for machines or electronic parts.
Tom's soul is doomed to haunt Boston forever, as any other place would introduce near duplicates.
Tom's soul is doomed to haunt Boston forever.
Tom was the third vampire in all of history.
Then can we turn to life and fill the whole horizon of our souls with it, turn with added zest to all the serious tasks which it imposes and to the pure delights which here and there it affords.
He says while billions of people are caught up in the excitement of the World Cup, some 215 million children are laboring for survival.
That could include smashing mixing equipment with sledgehammers, blowing up delivery missiles, driving tanks over empty shells or filling them with concrete, and running machines without lubricant so they seize up and become inoperable.
I drink 1-2 cups of coffee a day.
When the user inhales deeply, a battery activates an atomizer that quickly heats a chamber full of water, nicotine, and a chemical that has a faintly sweet taste.
Cement is the glue holding concrete together, and it is the manufacture of cement that creates concrete's substantial carbon footprint.
That chicken nugget you’re eating may only contain 40 to 50 percent meat, according to a new study that analyzed chicken nuggets from two major fast-food chains.
The other challenge remains the multi-million-dollar illegal trade that continues to thrive despite increased surveillance and better technology to satiate China’s huge appetite for tiger parts.
The donkey was being an ass.
When we are spared from calamities, it's just that they didn't find us in the right place.
He intends to return to his country.
He does not intend to return to his country.
Since they have despoiled us, it is our turn to rob them.
The African wild ass, the wild ancestor of the donkey, is critically endangered.
This new module is called the Expandable Activity Module, scheduled for installation at the International Space Station on April 16th.
He says Californians are lucky because the earthquake did not cause major damage to water mains — large pipelines that carry water.
Defense chiefs from 10 East African countries have pledged a total of 5,000 troops to a new regional standby force for deployment by December.
He's not Arab; he's a Mizrahi Jew.
But so far, both Pelosi of California and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky have dismissed the possibility of both chambers recessing during the crisis, citing Congress' need to be in session to push through emergency health and economic assistance.
A group of women in Senegal have been supplying solar panels to country homes that are off the power grid.
The girder is a 15 meter long, 13 metric ton framework that is packed with several kilometers of tubing and wiring to support cooling, power, and data relay equipment for future research laboratories.
In a Purdue University lab, team members designed a hair straightener tool — a flat iron with ceramic plates and temperature control.
The evaporation process creates a drop in temperature of several degrees.
They were, though, badly wrong because their samples were skewed.
"Judeo-Christian" isn't really a thing.
I'm sorry, but we've failed to stop Tom from turning into a zombie.
There are prisons for children.
We're influencers.
Life is a watermelon: it's big, egg-shaped, has a green rind and pink flesh... I forget where I was going with this.
The prospects of Zimbabwe facing hunger in the coming months are high, as stocks dwindle and donors ignore calls for more aid.
The group took on a challenge posted by the U.S. Department of Defense and successfully designed and built an underwater robot for locating submerged unexploded ordnance.
U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad al-Hussein has warned of an alarming deterioration of human rights and an erosion of international institutions and laws threatening the social cohesion of nations.
The annual Halley's Comet meteor shower peaked Monday, but the meteor streaks will still be visible in the sky by the end of the week.
Abbreviating language has been around for a long time, going back as far as ancient Rome.
The future will reverence the names of these great harbingers, who have been flouted, reviled, threatened, found guilty, and imprisoned.
In mainland China, where the economy has continued to soar, despite the global slowdown, lunar celebrations began Monday night, with spectacular public fireworks.
I think Tom is the head vampire.
Is there a late fee?
This sentence isn't useful for language learners.
I want a pet flying fox.
Charles doesn't want to be king. He wants to be a tampon.
The House of Windsor changed its name from the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha.
Tom was arrested for possession of Molotov cocktails.
I think most sentences are inherently useful for language learners, although some are harder to monetize than others.
The usefulness of a sentence for language learners depends on what level each learner is at.
Your language learning goals may be different from mine.
I'd like to be able to read fantasy and science fiction in other languages.
I'd like to be able to understand the impolite conversation of my coworkers as much as the polite conversation of my boss.
I'd like to be able to understand whatever comes on the TV in my target language.
I'd like to be able to understand graffiti in my target language.
I'd like to read surrealist writing in my target language.
I'd like to be able to understand whatever comes on the TV in French.
I'd like to be able to understand graffiti in French.
I'd like to read surrealist writing in French.
I'd like to be able to understand tweets in French without automatically translating them.
I'd like to be able to understand tweets in my target language without automatically translating them.
I'd rather not understand impolite conversation.
The less I hear, the better.
The cat ran under the table.
I love hamsters.
We can't have birds because we have cats.
We can't have a hamster because we have cats.
It's weird that cartoons never show cats chasing bugs.
I'd like to be able to understand everything.
I don't think anyone lines up completely with their expected gender role, unless they do so intentionally.
I can't use my phone during those hours.
The Statue of Liberty is way shorter than I expected.
She was forced into marriage.
Can you believe there are still monarchs in the year 2022?
Jews aren't a rhetorical device.
Tom is underemployed.
The Jordan River is little more than a creek.
Cats can be a pain sometimes.
Cats can be a pain sometimes, but I still love them.
Eight boats set sail Sunday from Annapolis, Maryland, crossing under the massive Chesapeake Bay Bridge amid wet and dreary weather.
News of the disease, of course, was not spread beyond the research teams, as the public seems to fear a plague worse than damnation itself.
Why couldn't the eagles have just flown them to Mordor?
I've forgotten how to speak French.
A Jamaica based armored courier service is offering a $16,000 reward for information leading to arrests in the shooting of three of its guards.
In his first foreign trip since taking office last month, Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga was in Hanoi Monday for bilateral talks with his Vietnamese counterpart, reaching agreements on strengthening economic and security cooperation.
Panic spread in India this week as many automatic teller machines ran out of cash or simply stopped functioning.
It smells like death in here!
With a rattle and a screech, a tractor rolled through the field, knocking the grass flat with a giant red rolling pin.
For 91-year-old Ruth Bogel, a dainty white lace dress on an antique doll brings back memories of the handmade clothes her mother sewed for her as a child in a small town in the southwestern state of Oklahoma.
These mobile apps glorify smoking and encourage children to use tobacco products.
The courts have already unseated a handful of governors who had been sworn in to the powerful positions.
The spiritual qualities which make up the mind and personality of Tolstoi are the spiritual qualities which make up the new era among men which is being waged so painfully and so uncompromisingly at the present moment on the soil of Russia.
Giant clam harvesting, added to use of cyanide and dynamite bombing for fish, damaged coral reefs last year, the analysts said.
Another section of the hillside collapsed into a torrent of mud in the nearby Phuoc Loc district, killing three people.
Once attached, the microbe inserts its genetic material, turning the cells into little factories that crank out thousands of copies of HIV.
Josh had surgery to attach the liver to the small intestine so the bile could drain.
Armenia-born Lucy Usoyan, an ethnic-Yazidi who became a U.S. citizen after moving here with family at age 3, sustained a traumatic brain injury during last week's brawl.
U.S. researchers say they've been able to modify a patient's immune system T cells, turning them into “serial killer” cells which zero in on cancer and obliterate it.
The Ivory Billed Woodpecker was rediscovered in February 2004 when it was reportedly spotted twice by witnesses that many bird experts consider highly reliable.
Brazil passed a grim milestone Saturday, reporting more than 150,000 deaths from COVID-19, according to the Brazilian Health Ministry.
Once you have a Psiphon account, you can log in through a network of proxy servers to connect to the main Psiphon server.
The United Nations was born out of the ashes of World War II and the failures of its predecessor, the League of Nations.
"It's not because we can't heal anymore that we can't cure anymore", Guillaume Musso made a doctor say, answering a patient, in the novel "Et après...".
Are you a cop? You have to tell me if you are.
Royalty is gross.
Due to superstition, black cats are less likely to be adopted.
Happy 9/11! Hope it's a good one.
You're looking tan, Tom.
That isn't representative.
I knew you would say that, which is exactly why I brought Tom.
I have trauma around that.
What's an 8-track?
Roger Waters is an imperialist.
I thought the NES was the first game console.
Tom is an xennial.
My partner and my brother are both xennials.
I've never been offworld before.
This will be my first trip out of the solar system.
Tom invested in an offshore drilling company.
We're beginning our approach to Jupiter, where we will be stopping at Europa Station. There will be an hour break, at which point those of us who are going to Saturn and points beyond will re-board. You must have your boarding pass to re-board. I repeat, you must have your boarding pass to re-board.
You're looking svelte.
Tom was right about one thing, but I forget what it was.
A real Canadian would never do such a thing.
The blade was shaped like a viper's fang.
Her sweet, kind face features a dainty pig's snout.
As tensions rise across the continent, many analysts point to the economic crisis as the cause of the lurch to the political right.
The parquetry linoleum is not only less costly than wood, but it is more sanitary and much easier to take care of.
For the first time, doctors have succeeded in removing a gall bladder by remote surgery that electronically spanned the Atlantic Ocean.
The new robot, dubbed “Flipperbot,” was designed to allow scientists to learn more about the locomotion of animals such as seals, sea turtles and mudskippers.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences may be departing from the softer, more emotionally accessible films it selected before, says Russell Williams II, a film professor at American University in Washington and an Academy Award-winning sound mixer.
As Henry Ridgwell reports, the rivalry between Sunni-led Saudi Arabia and Shia-led Iran has long underpinned the complex relations and now both countries are attempting to reenter the international fold.
While Sopranos fans may want to whack David Chase, the creator of the acclaimed gangster serial says he never intended to provoke them with its open-ended finale.
Bodies piled up at a crematorium in the Indian capital, Delhi, on Wednesday, as relatives of coronavirus sufferers scrambled to refill life-saving oxygen cylinders.
Some humans also do this.
You can commission me to draw your fursona by clicking here.
The end is nigh!
Where do I know him from?
It doesn't have to be one or the other.
She's in ill health.
I'm waiting for her to answer me.
Once they get used to writing in Kabyle, they won't need other languages to express themselves clearly.
They sell imported Vegemite there.
Tom smokes crack.
Tom does tina.
I'm worried that taking on so many hours would cause me to lose Medicaid.
Could you call the doctor's office for me?
I can call them for you if you want.
We've got a bad moth infestation.
Looks like we've got some pantry moths.
We've got a roach infestation.
The roach scurried down the sink drain when Tom turned on the light.
The apartment complex is full of roaches.
Our landlord won't do anything about the roaches.
Our landlord won't do anything about the water.
We're starting a collective to resist negligent landlords.
I heard there's a really good squat over on Park Street.
We're starting a collective to resist landlords.
No; I haven't touched that stuff in seven years.
Tom suffered a coronary vasospasm.
We're all disabled here.
I live in an arcology.
Tom lives in an arcology.
I live on a man-made platform off the coast of Australia; I consider it my own sovereign nation.
I enjoy it.
An arcology is a self-sufficient community, complete with agriculture, contained within a single structure.
All they know is how to bark.
There is nothing better than breaking your bad habits.
As soon as he wakes up, he gets up.
Read me first.
My brother lives in Australia.
My sister lives in Australia.
My father lives in Australia.
My mother lives in Australia.
My sibling is nonbinary.
Trans surgeries have some of the lowest regret rates of any surgeries.
Someone should train a chatbot on Tatoeba's corpus.
I've turned email notifications back on.
I'm turning into my mom.
I'm turning into my dad.
I'm becoming my parents.
I've turned email notifications back off.
Italian imperatives confuse me.
From their home in Virginia, the two launched an emergency appeal on a crowdfunding platform to solicit funds and provide food to some of the most vulnerable Afghans.
Dennis Hall, an American Greco Roman wrestler understands why this is not the time to flaunt victories.
The kids here tend a variety of plots, such as the Pizza Garden, where they grow garlic, basil, tomatoes and other ingredients for pizza.
Their assistance would arrive as a 400-kilometer, $5.9 billion China-invested railway is set for completion this year — the pinnacle of Chinese largesse for Laos.
Complementary and alternative medical practices — which include health products and therapies that aren't generally considered part of conventional medicine — are frequently a part of Americans' health care regimens.
The normally straitlaced Lo was seen removing his glasses to wipe tears from his eyes after he burst out laughing.
A new blood test can tell doctors whether a person has suffered a concussion up to a week after he or she was injured.
His international agenda in December included a U.N. conference in Copenhagen and accepting the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo—a prize that even his most ardent supporters said was premature.
Researchers at the University of Pennsylvania examined a rock slab found in China that contains the fossils of 25 common plant-eating dinosaurs (Psittacosaurus lujiatunensis), that lived between 123 to 100 million years ago.
A local blacksmith in Sumy, Ukraine, who used to weld metal to make furniture, has transformed his business in the face of war.
"Those who don't read have no advantage over those who can't read," Mark Twain said.
I can read French much better than I can speak or compose in it.
It feels wonderful at first, but you end up needing more and more of it just to feel normal.
That place has the best falafel.
Ten of the first twelve U.S. Presidents owned slaves.
God smite the king!
"Everyone has only one country, but I have two," said MoḥYa, our great playwright, who died in France in 2004 and whom we have lost forever.
I am the only person who is not influenced by my culture and surroundings.
That was definitely a joke.
Stalin was nicknamed "Uncle Joe" by the Americans during World War II.
Egypt is called "kēme" in Coptic.
We have some talented people here.
My anxiety has gotten a lot better.
If you don't believe in copyright, it can't hurt you.
By the end of the semester I expect you to have memorized Hamlet's soliloquy.
I'm starting to get a little farsighted.
Today we're going to learn about the olfactory system.
IGM is a network or web of thread-like formations of diffuse gases left over from the Big Bang that links all the galaxies in the universe together.
The International Cricket Council's Code of Conduct defines dissent as showing excessive or obvious disappointment at an umpire's decision, or with the umpire making the decision.
He said at least 92 percent of U.S. states now have systems in place to ensure there is a paper record of every vote cast, making it easier to audit election results to make sure no one is able to tamper with the tally.
Eight people were injured when a grenade exploded at a Malaysian cafe early Tuesday, while patrons were up late watching Euro 2016 soccer games.
In India, where some children from poor urban communities do not attend school, voluntary groups have found creative ways to impart education.
Efforts to combat the problem have taken on urgency, but there is growing debate on how best to foil hi-tech offenders.
According to an obituary in the Boston Globe, Herring was a 20-year U.S. Air Force veteran who served five years in the Vietnam War.
“He had been 30 years, or whatever it was, plowing a lonely furrow and finding that, actually, what he was being confronted with were the small compromises — looking the other way, the small corruptions — and that he didn't get the test he wanted to get, so he had become quite disillusioned and quite aggressive,” explains Gleeson.
His face beamed with pleasure when he saw her and his aunt chatting together so friendlily.
Gene therapy could potentially allow doctors to cure some of the deadliest types of cancer and rare hereditary diseases with one injection.
You have some talented people here.
I don't think George Soros is a good person, or that his money was earned (nor any billionaire's for that matter), but he gains the ire of demagogues by funding organizations that call attention to injustice.
His Jewishness doesn't exactly help to endear him to the right, either, especially when it's not the kind of Jewishness they accept.
Many on the far right are very explicit about hating George Soros for being Jewish.
It's increasingly looking like the emergence of intelligent life on Earth was a fluke.
We agree on far more than we disagree on.
The plural of anecdote is not data.
Refugees didn't do anything wrong.
It's only once we know who the seekers are that we will find what we have been searching for in vain for so long.
Hebron is Judaism's second holiest city, and boasted a large Jewish community until the Jews were ethnically cleansed in 1929.
Astronauts' muscles atrophy when they spend a long time in zero gravity.
Space travel takes a heavy toll on one's body.
Tom isn't exactly an ascetic.
Although the proverbial fountain of youth does not exist, research in the Journal of the American Medical Association shows that a youthful old age is possible if one remains fit and active.
If your enemies find out you are pregnant they will pay a witch to bewitch you.
According to the website TravelGayAsia, the Atlantis is located in one of Jakarta's trendiest neighborhoods and features a gym, a sauna, a “steam room, whirlpool, dark area, 16 private cabins, Internet room with free WiFi and a rooftop bar.”
"If we look closer, we will see that in many places after we take the coniferous trees out, we see the saplings of beech, oak, ash tree," said Damyan Damyanov, director of Bulgaria's South-West State Forestry Enterprise.
It is not undeservedly that the Pyrenean guides have acquired the reputation they enjoy for intelligence and civility; and Charlet, of the Hôtel de France, is certainly a most favourable specimen: frugal in his habits, modest in his demeanour, and of great activity of body, he forms the beau ideal of a mountain cicerone.
Yasir Arman is calling for a “complete paradigm shift” from Sudan’s old politics that he says destabilized the entire Horn of Africa region.
It’s calling on the African Union to take urgent measures to stop “a growing and insidious contagion.”
A new species of chameleon has been found in the Udzungwa Mountains and Southern Highlands areas of Tanzania.
Inside this church, parishioners clench their eyes shut and lift their hands skyward as their lips move in prayer during the service.
Day-to-day tasks like reading a carton label or locating a dollar bill are now possible for the visually impaired.
It was a tiny spark that set the bush ablaze.
He is completely prostrate.
He is in full prostration.
Tom has a pet skunk named Cookie, which is short for Black-and-White Cookie.
Fork the project.
I don't understand why Tom would lie about something so silly.
I'm just going to let her sleep.
O you who pull on the rope, know that I have the right end on my side.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has marked World AIDS Day, which takes place December 1, by unveiling what she called a "blueprint" that could help create an "AIDS-free generation."
It is not clear what the kidnapper's motive was for carrying out the abduction.
I detected in many of them an egoism which they sought hypocritically to conceal, while the ideals of others, who were more sincere, seemed to me inadequate.
The fact next in importance that this history establishes is that the first of the Northmen to set foot on the shores of Vinland was Leif Ericson.
Officials met contacts and supplicants in the coffee shop, intelligence agents prowled the lobby, and affluent parents threw lavish wedding receptions in the hotel banquet halls.
Over the years, calendars have become popular gifts because many are filled with beautiful pictures.
In the shadow of sleek new expressways and gleaming high-rise buildings sit wooden shacks with rusting corrugated iron roofs and festering open sewers.
Psychiatrists say it could be months before victims and their families feel the full effect of the earthquake, and that, they say, is when their work really begins.
The Romans encouraged their ally Masinissa to encroach on the territories of Carthage and to harass her in every way.
There was the smell of seaweed in the air and of herby autumnal flowers.
Diack said his hybrid wild boars look like commercial pigs, only they’re “fuzzy.”
After visiting the paddocks, Bloomfield gave a magnificent dinner to the company in a tent near the house; it was the finest feast I ever saw, but the badness of the weather spoilt the entertainment.
And more fundamentally, these laws wrongly stigmatize and marginalize those living with HIV and AIDS.
Then about 2.3 to 2.5 billion years ago, during the Proterozoic Eon, blue/green algae called cyanobacteria, living in Earth’s shallow oceans, began emitting enough oxygen through photosynthesis to create the permanently oxygenated atmosphere that keeps us alive today.
If you're an American and you're frustrated with your job, your relationships, maybe the amount of hair on your head; or if you're looking to get ahead in business or want to make a fortune in real estate or the stock market; or if you want to improve your memory or better manage your time or learn new computer skills, somewhere there's a conference or seminar or retreat for you.
Because IPv6 can provide a virtually unlimited number of unique addresses, the Chinese government is considering creating globally unique IP addresses that would be assigned to each citizen as a sort of online identification.
Biologically, Central Park is home to an amazing assortment of plants and animals.
In parliament, Home Minister Rajnath Singh underlined the scale of the deluge faced by the city.
"We know it took place over three days sometime between mid-September and early November in 1621, and was considered a harvest celebration following a successful planting of multicolored flint corn, or maize," says Sheehan.
Mirzakhani’s work is considered to be ‘pure mathematics’, involving theoretical understanding of the symmetry of curved spaces and hyperbolic objects, but her findings may also have practical implications in quantum physics.
Some diplomats criticized the debate, saying it was intended to disparage the Hague-based International Criminal Tribunal on the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and, by association, all other international tribunals.
Nine-month-old David drops to his knees, crawls toward a bottle of milk on the counter and begins to whimper.
The chairman of the Walter Sisulu University Council told VOA South Africans are ecstatic the country was among the five member countries elevated to a two-year term on the U.N Security Council Tuesday.
Why did you tell Tom you didn't know whether Mary was going?
When you put it that way, I think Tom did make a point.
That's why I always tell Tom my plans when I'm going somewhere for more than a few days.
Did you run into Tom in the city yesterday?
Did Tom tell you he was going to be in the city today?
Why would you want to go to Boston without visiting Tom and Mary?
Tom got his learner's permit at the age of 15 and his driver's license at 17.
Tom can't parallel park.
Could you teach me to parallel park?
Tom's hot, but he's a complete mess.
Tom's a hot mess.
That guy's clearly tweaking.
I haven't worked on anything like that in a while.
That's not really my field anymore.
I have ADHD.
Tom has ADHD.
Tom and Mary both have ADHD.
Thanks to the pandemic, we now know that "unskilled" workers are essential.
Tom ran a 7-minute mile.
What've you been up to all this time?
You didn't tell me you were going to be meeting with Tom today.
You're a mess, Tom.
He thinks everyone is like him, or even worse.
The San Francisco-based nonprofit group aims to preserve cultural artifacts such as musical recordings and Web pages, as well as books, and make them available online.
By mid-February all students in eastern Mosul are expected to be attending school, and placement exams will determine their grade levels, according to Saab Ali, the school manager of the Al-Kufa boys' school.
As Germany celebrates 25 years of reunification, there’s nostalgia for East German cars, phones and other items — and concern that tourist attractions such as a mock Stasi prison cell gloss over horrors of the past.
In Malawi, a survey by the Ministry of Health to help ascertain the efficacy of the vaccine has shown its effectiveness in fighting the coronavirus.
A renowned gospel singer in Malawi has raised more than $20,000 in donations for the country’s only pediatric cancer ward.
Still to come... buttermilk-fried bullfrog legs, braised wild boar with Himalayan blackberry glaze and Asian carp boulettes.
The first biodegradable surgical glue for internal use has won approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
During the next few weeks, beaches on America’s Atlantic coast will play host to some of the strangest-looking creatures in the world, horseshoe crabs, which are swimming in from deeper waters for their annual spawning.
Barbancourt's rum was first distilled in Port-au-Prince in the 1860s by Dupre Barbancourt, a French cognac maker.
The Sirens would appear to have been personifications of those numerous rocks and unseen dangers, which abound on the S.W. coast of Italy. They were sea-nymphs, with the upper part of the body that of a maiden and the lower that of a sea-bird, having wings attached to their shoulders, and were endowed with such wonderful voices, that their sweet songs are said to have lured mariners to destruction.
The threats range from diesel exhaust and unchecked forest fires fouling the air to untreated waste poisoning the water.
Each fall, Florida, Arizona, and California see thousands of Canadians, called "snowbirds," drive south to take up temporary residence during the cold Canadian winter.
Thousands of farmers in India blocked highways and rail tracks on Monday to give renewed momentum to their months-long demand for scrapping agricultural laws that have triggered the country’s longest farm protest and presented a political challenge to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
She says the strain identified in Britain has been studied for its transmissibility and impact on COVID-19 vaccines that have been developed.
Stakeholders are discussing formation of a committee that would oversee the drafting of a constitution.
The Mekong is one of the world’s great rivers — a 5,000-kilometer waterway threading from China through Laos, Thailand, Cambodia and Vietnam.
The old age is a shipwreck.
It turns out that everyone’s hair is different and that there's no exact temperature where hair straightening becomes hair damage.
If you don't have any teeth, your palate will suffer.
With little more than two months to go before the opening ceremony of the Tokyo Olympic Games, a major Japanese medical association is calling for the cancellation of the event due to the current surge of new COVID-19 infections.
Ancient Egyptians turned papyrus into paper and provided the world with it for thousands of years.
Cupcakes are generally topped with frosting and served still inside the paper baking cup in which they were made.
By the fifth century the Gaulish language was everywhere extinct, without having left behind a single record of its literature.
China eased its exchange rate controls last month in a move aimed at damping complaints from its trading partners that it has artificially kept its exports cheap with a weak yuan.
Police spokeswoman McCormack said the exterior insulation on the ill-fated building failed safety tests meant to measure its flammability.
Observers say the airport's reopening is a major step forward in a fragile peace process in the conflict which has been grinding on for the past seven years.
With Twitter and Facebook blocking and labeling more social media posts, some American conservatives are flocking to alternatives like Parler, which says it won’t censor speech.
Tom was over the legal limit.
Tom was under the legal limit.
Tom got a DUI.
How much have you had to drink tonight?
Ratliff is experimenting with new modeling techniques such as copper plating, which has always been a problem in the museum community since the copper plates fall off as time passes.
In a study published in the journal The Lancet Oncology, researchers with the International Agency for Research on Cancer in Lyon, France, reported the incidence of childhood cancer was 140 per million per year from 2001-2010 among children up to age 14.
Research by Duke University scientists suggests that habits leave a lasting mark on certain circuits in the brain, "priming us to feed our cravings."
"All living cells undergo cell division and palbociclib's unique capacity to halt the cell division process (also known as the 'cell cycle') therefore has potentially broad applicability," said lead author Amy S. Clark, MD, MSCE, an assistant professor of Hematology/Oncology at Penn's Perelman School of Medicine and ACC.
One of the effects of progressive muscle diseases like cerebral palsy is muscle stiffness.
So now you're de-toothing the media only to crusade for the government and government policies?
After experimenting in their garage workshops, they created new, natural composite materials.
The uncertainty of the moment has left him to fume almost daily on Twitter about what he sees as the unfairness of the case against him.
It is made up of 25 percent fiber from a plant called harakeke and 75 percent recycled polylactic acid, which is plastic made from corn starch.
In this new study, callers to emergency services reporting a suspected heart attack were randomly told either to do full CPR, with chest compression and blowing air into the patient's mouth — rescue breathing — or do just chest compression.
Addy told VOA that the government knows Ebola could recur and is putting in place a management system to deal with another emergency, should it arise.
The wicked are the most suspicious.
Evil people are the most suspicious.
Genocide is the systematic effort to exterminate an entire people.
Microsoft has partnered with Code.org, a non-profit group, to offer free in-store classes and online training on coding.
My dear Rose, if he were the hero you suppose him he would interest himself in these matters, not indeed as important in themselves, but for the purpose of mediating between the ardent spirits who actually do make them the subject of discord.
Those living near one another were assigned similar or closely related tasks to ensure a smooth workflow, said Dinh, who arrived in the United States in 1989 to join his father, who left Vietnam in 1975.
Had King Tut died of a head injury, Selim says the 1,900 cross-sectional CT images would have showed the two bone fragments inside the skull fused with embalming resin.
With a curse the captain sat down in the seat, gunned the motor, and started forward.
The international marketing information firm JD Power and Associates has published its 2003 Vehicle Dependability Study, considered by many a benchmark for long-term vehicle quality and reliability in the auto industry.
He explained that those financiers usually look for clarity, predictability and repeatability when deciding whether to commit resources to an individual project or to a country.
Some accuse the Houston native of cultural appropriation for using African aesthetics.
"We welcome U.S. reaffirmation of long-standing ties with Pakistan," Sharif's office said in response to remarks by White House press secretary Jen Psaki on Monday in which she underscored the criticality of Washington's ties with Islamabad regardless of its leader.
Observers say the postponement was the latest in a series of moves by the government in recent days to thwart the pro-democracy movement.
A preliminary report into last month’s deadly crash of an Indonesian jetliner reveals a malfunctioning cockpit throttle caused one of the engines to lose power before the plane plunged into the Java Sea.
Gold’s resistance to corrosion and its excellent electrical conductivity makes it very useful in the electronics industry, especially in smart phones.
Meteorologists warn the extreme heat gripping India and Pakistan is likely to have many cascading effects on human health, ecosystems, agriculture, water, energy, and the economy.
Labor advocates call it debt bondage, a prime example of modern-day slavery that can shackle workers to abusive employers for years while they pay off their debts.
To date, Task Force KleptoCapture’s effort has resulted in significant asset seizures.
Rachid is a liar. But he will never be able to fool his dog, who is not so stupid.
We should trip.
The idea that sex must involve penetration is phallocentric and heterosexist.
The pandemic isn't over.
Did you really not see it coming that COVID cases would surge in the fall?
You can't just declare something over and have it be the case.
Nothing changes if nothing changes.
People aren't like that.
That's not the way people are.
I'm glad there's no longer a literal cartoon villain in charge, but Joe Biden is truly a bad president.
I have no problem with you.
I've got no problem with you.
You're entitled to your own opinion, but not to your own facts.
We both have COVID.
Fuck Joe Biden.
Domestic skepticism could slow or dilute those initiatives, possibly ending in action that covers some of the president's ambitions while incorporating the opinions of a population that remains largely pro-American.
The U.S. space agency NASA has released the first sounds ever recorded on Mars — a light gust of wind on the planet's surface — along with panoramic views from its Perseverance Mars rover.
Imam Aboubakar says their religion finds nothing wrong if Cameroon Muslims, who can not find the sheep they traditionally bought to slaughter in honor of Abraham’s willingness to slay his son Ishmael at Allah’s request, turn to goats and fowls today.
Ambassador Mark Lippert told reporters Tuesday he feels "pretty darn good, all things considered" and expects to make a full recovery.
The athletes' village for the Beijing Olympics has been formally opened by hundreds of Chinese athletes, led by a basketball star and a hurdler.
Temperatures in the past week have topped 20 degrees Celsius — bringing many visitors onto the black-sand and pebble beaches.
Our cameras are going to be sending infrared light over to this and then the light is going to bounce back and the camera is going to register where the marker is.
In a mouse model, the scientists trained the body’s natural immune system, called innate immunity, to disarm and destroy a bacterium that causes a kidney infection, often in children.
The manufacture of these muslins and of cotton quiltings was commenced in Bolton, Lancashire, by Joseph Shaw, when Crompton was about ten years of age; and from that time up to the present, no town in the world enjoys the same reputation for this class of goods as does Bolton.
The Biden administration announced actions taken by the federal government and private industry that it says will bolster the supply chain for rare earths and other critical minerals used in technologies from household appliances and electronics to defense systems.
Johnny came, smudgy and hungry, surprised to find that his old friend, big man as he was, seemed to be scarcely so big as when he saw him last, eighteen months ago.
It doesn't even hurt.
In mid-May, VOA Eastern Europe bureau chief Myroslava Gongadze spoke with Alexandra Vasylenko, special envoy on coordination of humanitarian assistance to the minister for foreign affairs of Ukraine.
You hate Biden because he's a socialist. I hate Biden because he's not a socialist. We are not the same.
The problem with monarchy is you're liable to end up with a king who believes in homeopathy.
You have to face the consequences of your actions.
What good is honey to you if you start with the gall?
It is not with your fingers that a fig is ripened.
Any wealth saved counts.
Her abductor, a man in his twenties, grabbed her off the street as she was walking to school.
Saade cited the nuclear rapprochement between the United States and Iran, which backs Hezbollah, as one potential enabler of greater cooperation and gentler rhetoric.
Eight of the city's top restaurants are donating gourmet meals to a local homeless shelter.
Amateur naturalists begin their bee hunts by noting the time of day and location they are photographing.
A small antique etching discovered by the president of Catholic University in Washington, D.C., has created quite a cultural stir.
This new program, offered only at selected sites, allows an undocumented person to be given a unique identifier to be vaccinated and tracked for health purposes only.
He was walking carefully, scanning the road.
The royal who wasn’t supposed to become queen at all, sat on the throne for 70 years following the death in 1952 of her father, George VI, who himself assumed the throne only because of the abdication by his brother, King Edward VIII in 1936.
Nevertheless, from interviews with 178 detainees who had been released, he said monitors have documented more than 900 cases of arbitrary detention, many of them tantamount to enforced disappearances.
Later, Mohammed said, buyers come from a neighboring province to collect that pasty substance, which will be refined into heroin.
Classical liberalism only works in theory.
Bee farmers earn slightly more than $3,000 for a ton of honey or beeswax on the international market.
Mauritania's Constitutional Council on Thursday validated the results of last week's presidential election, showing a big win for former military ruler Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz.
The agency says a space observation satellite detected significantly lower levels of the air pollutant nitrogen dioxide (NO₂) in northern Italy and China’s Hubei province.
With memories of the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan and subsequent Taliban takeover still fresh in the minds of the American public, much of the concern on both the right and the left is focused on avoiding military involvement in Europe.
He rose to congratulate Berdych at the net, then did a front somersault on the grass, rising to his feet with both fists clenched.
Cookie smells like a dog, which makes sense, since he is one.
The plane's left wing, perpendicular to the ground, is seen clipping an elevated highway and a taxi cab before crashing into the Keelung River.
William Ellis has spent most of this day grating carrots.
The male cicadas are making all the racket — a mating call produced by vibrating membranes in their abdomens.
I remember a clock of this latter type, that we had in the house when I was a boy, routing us all up at three o'clock one winter's morning.
This is the mildest case of COVID I've had.
There was so much for us to do that the bonding experience became a family affair.
"It has really emerged that what is important in fighting crime is the quality of enforcement and cooperation between the community and the police, rather than the strictness of the penalty," noted Saludo.
They have seen showers of rain but they have never seen any puddle or large water ponding.
He is keenly aware that the depletion of the Ogallala aquifer could ultimately drive his family off the land.
Through the years, more and more Western clothing companies began sourcing products in Asia, where production is cheap.
Managers met Friday to discuss plans to fix helium and nitrogen leaks on the right side of the pressurization portion of the shuttle's orbital maneuvering system.
The United Nations and international agencies are warning more than half the world’s population is at risk from the growing threat of vector borne diseases.
They're slavers. Stay away from them.
Lacking sleep, he fell stiffly on the bed.
Most moths don't feed in their adult form, only living long enough to reproduce.
I used to confuse tanuki with raccoons.
Insects are so weird.
Brain-scanning studies of artists being creative — improvising music, rapping or drawing caricatures — showed deactivation in a part of the brain involved in planning and monitoring behavior.
It's a three-day weekend.
They also urged people to reduce contact with wild animals and avoid hunting, skinning or eating animals that could cause infection.
The maintainability and the operational readiness of a number of these craft are actually suspect.
Online higher ed has been growing pretty steadily for the past decade.
The Wedding Date also features Amy Adams as Kat's self-centered sister; screen and stage veteran Holland Taylor is their iron-willed mother; and British actor Jeremy Sheffield plays the handsome cad of an ex-boyfriend.
Fuck urban renewal.
Gentrification increases homelessness.
Urban renewal is another way of saying gentrification.
Paris is pronounced "Paree" in French.
The international order has different rules for the powerful than for the powerless.
Ketamine is a reset button for the brain.
"There's no question that white supremacists and antisemites are trying to terrorize and harass Americans and have significantly stepped up their use of propaganda as a tactic to make their presence known in communities nationwide," Jonathan Greenblatt, Anti-Defamation League CEO, said in a statement.
Scientists see deoxygenation alongside ocean warming and acidification as a major threat to ocean ecosystems and the well-being of people that depend on marine life.
The unexpected by-product of the calculation was that Earth may be unique, actually an aberration among myriads of dead, uninhabitable worlds.
The high-pitched whine of a mosquito is annoying, but scientists have developed an app that uses that sound to detect dangerous mosquitoes.
Israel's Supreme Court is suspending the detention of a Palestinian hunger striker who has suffered brain damage after 65 days without food.
For example, designers can reduce cooling costs depending on how they situate a building to take in sunlight.
No Chinese person is more famous now than basketball player and NBA All-Star, Yao Ming, who is headlining China's Olympic basketball team.
It's the kind of music that musicians love, a big band jazz sound that fills the room and gets it swinging.
They have to establish communications first, get radio techs out there and get repeater sites set up.
Papyrus was used as paper and the reed's shape inspired the fluted columns of ancient Greece.
Much of this new music is aimed at children who are too old for nursery rhymes, but not yet old enough for, say, Mariah Carey.
So if you look at any other type of building there would be treble or quadruple the amount of material within the structure.
Tom couldn't make bail.
There are so many goats that some people see flying! What's more, they never land!
There is no need to run!
There is no need to rush!
There is no urgency!
There is no rush!
He participates in weddings, without even knowing why.
Over three million Indonesians have become new tax payers in the last year, according to the Directorate General of Taxation.
Researchers say it appears that a food additive found in many processed foods may accelerate lung cancer growth, and increase the risk of lung cancer in people predisposed to the disease.
The world is steadily inching up to 100 million COVID cases.
Experts say the absence of early warning systems increases the effects of climate fluctuation on the poor.
The distance a golf ball flies off the face of a club is determined in large part by two factors: what the ball is made of, and the so-called coefficient of restitution, or COR, which is a measure of the transfer of energy from the club to the ball.
Yes, it's quite obvious!
The screams are harmonic tremors, and researchers at the University of Washington believe they are caused when magma is forced through a narrow conduit at greater and greater pressure into the heart of the volcano.
The United States’ so-called nuclear triad — the military’s ability to launch and defend nuclear attacks with land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, submarine-launched ballistic missiles and air-launched cruise missiles — will remain critical to its nuclear deterrence strategy.
"Embarrassment ensues," says Hanks of the lighthearted ribbing the best man often gives the groom.
Liberia's Truth and Reconciliation Commission has retracted a report that suggests President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf be barred from holding further public office.
The group's new secretary-general, former Uzbek Foreign Minister Vladimir Norov, says the SCO aims to be a connector, not a divider.
Philippine Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana told reporters at a news conference with U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin Friday that Duterte, after his meeting with Austin, retracted the VFA termination letter sent to the U.S. last year.
I may need to see the booty.
Just put that anywhere.
If there's anything America doesn't have enough of, it's guns.
Owning things isn't a job.
On a corner outside the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City there is an altar full of flowers, candles, food items and pictures.
The Shenzhou III is equipped to sustain human life and is carrying dummy astronauts, hooked up to monitors to measure physical changes in orbit.
With visions of a carefree life, millions of people are buying $2 Mega Million lottery tickets in the U.S. worth more than $1 billion if the buyer chooses the winning combination of numbers.
We have been speaking against the persistent callous attacks in the country.
One night I was lying down in my straw fast asleep, when I was suddenly roused by the stable bell ringing very loud.
I'm not proud to be an American.
I'm not proud to be Canadian.
Tom converted his inherited rental properties into Airbnbs.
Eat slowly, at regular hours, and masticate well, but do not bolt your food, or eat any thing that does not taste good.
The defiant statement said scientists have already discovered what caused the failure of last week's launch, though no details were given.
That revelation came as Chilton was studying a plant infection called crown gall.
Chef Majed cracks eggs into a mixer and blends mayonnaise when we meet in Washington.
The talks come amid a heightened rivalry between China and the United States, which Singapore said threatens peace in the region.
As a result, some countries that have tight pandemic restrictions in place are planning to abandon them for a few days at least, including “whack-a-mole” strategies aimed at suppressing local outbreaks of contagion.
I am now asking myself: why does someone who conceives poems with his head, write them with his feet?
The price to refill a 12.5 kg tank with gas — about $25 U.S. — was nearly triple the normal price, and she said she couldn't afford to spend that much on gas alone.
For instance, one piece of equipment looks like a yoke with a concrete block attached to either end, another, like a large metal log.
What I think is really exciting about this is that, after two centuries of observing this fuzzy little blob of light among the stars, Earth now has a robotic emissary in orbit at Vesta.
The webcast included leaders from the United States and the African Union, as well as actors and musicians seeking to solicit donations from organizations and individuals.
Sylva said a committee set up by the countries was already conducting a feasibility study to build a 4,128-kilometer-long gas pipeline from southern Nigeria to Algeria via Niger.
When fire extinguishers failed to stop the fire, the two men fled along with a third welder.
They are known to scientists as Brood X (Roman numeral 10) periodic cicadas.
The displays will include pieces of artwork and other exhibits from around the world, centering on the importance of the menorah in both Jewish and Christian history and culture.
However, in a small fraction of people who have been infected for a couple of years, their immune systems learn to recognize the viral mutations, cranking out “broadly neutralizing antibodies” that naturally block HIV in its many disguises.
This bay produces more shellfish for American tables than any other inlet on the West Coast.
Tailing him is the veteran politician and World Bank official Ellen Johnson Sirleaf with 20 percent.
It's a quiet scene compared to Ellis Island's heyday between 1892 and 1924, during which 12 million immigrants passed through the facility's ornate, red-brick buildings, usually with little more than a satchel tied with rope and their loved ones in tow.
Deputy defense ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi called the exercises a time for gauging risk.
The event took place shortly after abbot Tsultrim Lodue called on the Larung Gar community to restrain itself from opposing the planned razing of the sprawling facility.
Impacted by a slowing economy, American companies in China had a tough year last year with a record-high percentage of them reporting drops in revenue and profitability, according to the latest business climate survey by the American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham) in Beijing.
The artist is especially known for multidimensional bead sculptures of human figures, as well as necklaces and wall hangings.
Experts say that will likely make India the world's largest arms purchaser during that time period.
The NYSE is the world's biggest stock exchange and is the last major exchange where stocks are bought and sold by traders shouting and gesturing at each other.
Workmen are sanding down and repainting the walls at the Imam al-Jawad Secondary School in southern Baghdad.
Another project approved for the Colosseum involves installation of a high-tech retractable stage, expected to be operational by 2023 and which is likely to bring back cultural events and performances.
Ghana has great plans for solar energy, but cloudy Rwanda has overtaken the West Africans by actually completing a large scale photovoltaic solar park.
Unlike traditional "stick built structures" that have a row of nails every 1/2 meter, foam houses only have fasteners every 1 ¼ meters at the top and bottom.
"If you are not a polyglot, shut up" said Hassan Al-Wazzan, known as Leo the African, a medieval Maghrebian thinker.
He became filthy, due to the rain and the mud.
The rain and the mud have made him dirty.
Poor us!
This one is a beauty that her mother forgot to kiss at birth.
Firefox is translated into Kabyle.
He doesn't stop shouting at me.
He keeps ranting at me.
He keeps shouting at me.
He keeps yelling at me.
Every man must find his own answer, or must acknowledge sorrowfully that he can find none.
The placement of bolts and numbers etched on it resemble the honeycomb launch fairing of a Japanese H-2 rocket series, a liquid-fueled launch system used to transport satellites and space probes.
The increase in cases in Saudi Arabia that began last week has raised worries among health experts that the virus has mutated into a more spreadable form, which would be a danger sign.
Why do you always have to make everything about you?
It just hits you in the solar plexus.
Don't listen to anything Tom says.
“We had a very small leak in the plumbing at a flange fitting, and the team has been working that very hard over the last week,” Shannon told reporters Thursday.
The technique incorporates body relaxation, breathing regulation, mental imagery and mindfulness training which, in previous studies, has been shown to improve attention, emotion, and social behaviors.
Purja’s accomplishment breaks the record for the fastest ascent of the world’s 14 highest peaks held by the late South Korean mountaineer Kim Chang-ho, who completed the “8,000ers” feat over seven years, 10 months and 14 days, taking the last peak in 2013.
Rebecca Gadzama and schoolteachers survey the aging school building and discuss the upcoming school year.
Every state along the way has its memorable places — an unbelievable view here, a lean-to shelter there, a small town where people take in hikers and cheer them on. Some who attempt the grueling hike imagine long stretches of solitude, but they rarely find them. That's because chatty day hikers pop onto the trail all along the way.
“We are doing like a peace tournament for youth from different clans and from different warring zones, to meet together in one city and to be sensitized about peace and conflict resolution. And then after that to play soccer,” she said, on mixed teams.
She likes to undertake a fresh challenge, to “initialize my life every seven, eight years,” Kuno said.
The conditions in the flooded city of New Orleans are a recipe for diarrheal diseases rarely seen in the United States, including hepatitis, dysentery, cholera, and typhus.
They provide wide-beam illumination, lighting a small room or an area in a clinic.
The clinically-cool reception area is full of women waiting for their turn to get injected with botox, filler, liposuction, hair transplants, or any other of an array of beauty services offered here.
No one can dare to tell the ogre that his mouth stinks.
Not all apples are red.
Stop acting like a mindless automaton.
Tom was acting like a mindless automaton.
Professor Jackson drew a deterministic finite automaton on the board.
We're not mindless automata, Tom; we're humans with human needs and emotions.
See with your eyes, not with your hands.
The high-speed robotic tester is revolutionizing routine chemical toxicity studies.
Researchers say the love youngsters have for wildlife may be clouding the public's mind about how endangered those creatures are.
He acknowledges that aquaculture has its share of critics who are concerned that bunching fish together in a farm setting could spread disease and breed unhealthy stock.
“These sounds are associated with a range of different behaviors from tracking mates, spawning, and finding prey to avoiding predators,” Kaplan said, reached at an international acoustics conference in Denmark.
Candidates in Uganda's upcoming parliamentary elections have until Thursday to pay a nomination fee of a little more than $800 to the Electoral Commission.
Drums pounded hard as a circle of men, their shoulder-length hair whirling through the air, spun their heads in a trance.
The ADB is warning that unless the world weans itself from dependence on fossil fuels, South Asia could lose an equivalent 1.8 percent of its annual gross domestic product by 2050, progressively increasing to 8.8 percent by the turn of the next century.
The metal boxes, with padded interiors, have a climate-controlled thermostat that adjusts the temperature inside according to the weather outside.
He suffered a crankshaft and battery failure.
At first, Obama said, he was in favor of civil unions because he thought labelling those relationships as marriages was not necessary as long as the people involved were getting the same rights, but his children had a great impact on changing that point of view.
Inside, students are getting ready to take their final exams — milling around the classroom, laughing and chatting.
Nissan says the vehicles have problems with a computer program that controls engine operations and defects in the exhaust manifold and in muffler materials.
Copper plays an important role in nerve conduction, bone growth and hormone secretion.
Five year after losing her vision, Clements is back doing what she loves — styling hair.
Don't ever work with Tom.
Has anyone ever told you you look just like Tom Jackson?
Russian is a rich language.
Not everyone from Southwest Asia is Arab.
Free Iran!
You always want free stuff.
Milk is bad for cats.
Cookie always comes and says hi to me when I wake up.
Great... another day of learning about nondeterministic finite automata.
If you didn't want Jews praying in al-Aqsa Plaza, you shouldn't have built it on the Temple Mount.
Tom's new song was roundly mocked by the Twitterati.
Supersessionism is a form of cultural genocide.
Supersessionism or replacement theology is often contrasted with two-covenant theology.
Sex work is hard work.
I quietly helped a fool and he shouted it from the rooftops.
I quietly helped a jerk and he blurted it out.
I asked our bloggers to reflect on their experiences, and to discuss any negative incidents they may have had with stereotyping or prejudice.
The chassis of the ‘Genesis’ — by German engineering firm EDAG — is printed in one piece out of thermoplastic.
There are several effective anti-clotting agents that doctors can use to clear these clogged blood vessels, including one called tissue plasminogen activator, or tPA.
The locator will be towed more than 6,000 meters behind the Australian navy ship “Seahorse Standard.”
Here is a look at four Supreme Court decisions that a Roe v. Wade reversal could impact.
David Paige says it is important not to contaminate Mars with a microbe that could spread.
What began in 1972 with a modest launch of 13 balloons has evolved into the largest ballooning event in the world — and the world’s most photographed event.
You can keep the porridge and just reheat it whenever needed.
Cameroonian authorities have accused armed separatists of abducting five Catholic priests, a nun, and two worshippers from a church on its western border with Nigeria.
About 175,000 such abdominoplasty surgeries are done each year in the United States, and the number is growing.
A blood clot in a deep vein of the leg, pelvis, and sometimes arm, is called deep vein thrombosis (DVT).
On Thursday, the Nepalese climber reached the top of Pakistan's Gasherbrum II mountain, setting a new record by scaling all of the world's 14 tallest peaks—all higher than 8,000 meters—for a second time.
Sammy de Grave of Oxford University’s Museum of Natural History, who named the shrimp, combined the loudness, the pink color and his love for Pink Floyd to come up with the name.
It was where I expected some clarity that I found a rainy zone.
There is nothing more to scrape.
I am living proof that you failed to break me.
A bear has escaped from the zoo.
You can't pet bears.
You can pet a bear once.
I'm going to write your theme song.
Tom needs a theme song.
I don't understand why Tom is so self-conscious about his French.
Robots performing tasks according to a predetermined set of instructions are nothing new. But robots capable of learning how to do something by watching videos are a completely different approach, pursued by a group of researchers at the University of Maryland.
Several times a week, students work on their handwriting skills, clutching their pencils and pens as they practice forming neat loops and curls.
Locals who assist cars fording a nearby stream, like Paulie Cap, say the area’s shallow creeks will turn to torrents when the rainy season comes, cutting off towns like Michika.
Abductions and violent crime toward foreigners are rare in Ghana, but appear to be on the rise in recent months.
From hell's heart I stab at thee!
U.S. researchers say urban dwellers exposed to the highest levels of fine particulate air pollution had faster hardening of the arteries, putting them at increased risk of stroke, compared to people in less polluted sections of the same city.
She started making western saddles as a hobby but there's now a three-year waiting list of people lined up to buy her designs.
More than 16,000 objects in the Museum's collection take visitors through 6,000 years of history and divergent cultures of seven major Asian regions.
U.S. astronaut John Glenn first orbited the Earth 50 years ago on February 20, 1962, and when he returned, an adoring public greeted him, along with a burgeoning U.S. space program that propelled men to the Moon in 1969.
The 56-year-old man works by the light of a single headlamp.
China's Finance Ministry released a list of 16 items spread across two lists that would not be subjected to additional tariffs, including shrimp, industrial grease, an advanced cancer fighting machine, lubricating oil and various other chemicals.
Calling themselves “anonymous”, the hackers hoped to flood the company's pages with web traffic, crashing the site — or at least gumming things up enough to make life miserable for the credit card giant.
I don't know who told you you're not worth it, but they were wrong.
The Lovejoy comet is expected to make an appearance in the Earth’s skies in the hours before it grazes the solar surface from a distance of only 140,000 kilometers at about midnight Friday UTC.
Sturm calls working with adaptive athletes one of the most rewarding parts of his what he does.
He tried to get the woman off his mind, but the oddness of her conversation continued to bother him.
In this particular case, we're mining Bitcoin and while we are leveraging expensive hardware to do so, the resource is really about how quickly you can actually solve a particular algorithm, mathematic equation, on the blockchain to be able to go and obtain one Bitcoin.
Thanks for ordering the pizza, Tom! We left you a slice.
Hey, Tom? I forgot my wallet again. Do you think you could spot me this time?
All of the volunteers will be counseled about how to prevent HIV, but investigators want to see whether those who get the vaccine, as opposed to those who get a dummy solution called a placebo, remain uninfected.
This was one of Anne’s last diary entries as a carefree teenager.
Zeid particularly deplored the rise of extreme nationalism promoted by what he described as self-serving, callous leaders.
For these reasons, I particularly appreciate everyone's patience as we debug the new information system that has replaced the outdated system.
A nickel-chromium wire is bent into the desired shape, placed in a container and covered in a mix of nylon powder and fine-grained sand.
Gazprom, the Russian state gas monopoly, reduced the flow at 10:00 AM Moscow time at a compressor station in Kursk near the Ukrainian border.
Haben Girma, a lawyer born deaf and blind, has advocated for accessibility from her hometown of Oakland, California, all the way to the White House.
Analysts for the European Project for Ice Coring in Antarctica say carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are currently 27 percent higher than the highest levels in the past 650-thousand years.
Holten-Anderson says iron is a key ingredient that makes the adhesive strong and flexible.
He said the vehicle used by his abductors broke down as they tried to move him from one location to another.
If the Bacterium coli normal to the intestine escapes into the peritoneal cavity, or passes into the bladder, a severe peritonitis or cystitis, respectively, is apt to result.
The ill-fated cruise liner has now left Australian waters, but many questions remain.
Servan and his family have deep ties to their land, which they have been cultivating for 120 years.
Like him, she was tall, blonde and impossibly good-looking.
Britain's fertility regulator has granted its first license for the genetic modification of human embryos for research into the causes of infertility and miscarriages.
The friction that occurs during the violent vaporization process generates the flare.
The German team says the bacterium found in the soil surrounding a heap of plastic waste was feeding on polyurethane diol, which is used in plastic as a component that protects products from corrosion.
He really doesn't know how to do anything else.
In the past, there were certain traditions that could not be avoided. Thus, to eat kidney, children were obliged, the very first time, to nibble it on their knees on their fathers' shins. Otherwise, it was said that there was a risk that a ganglion would appear on the child's neck or face.
Durga puja is celebrated in India.
Durga puja is a nine-day festival for Hindus.
During Durga Puja, people also observe a fast for nine days.
Tom removed his sunglasses, revealing another pair of sunglasses beneath them.
No, Israel is not worse than the Nazis; at the current rate, it would take 13,000 years for six million Palestinians to be killed by Israel.
Truth still matters.
You only care about what's good for your country.
"Meow! Meow! Meowww!" "Not now, Cookie."
I have no illusions about that.
Critical race theory emerged out of critical legal studies.
Critical race theory is usually a graduate-level subject.
When conservatives talk about "critical race theory," they usually shove everything that makes them think about race under that label.
Many of the attendees did not wear masks and some who did let them droop down below their noses.
In a study published Tuesday, Japanese and American scientists described what they found in sediment samples taken from a flat, wide area 3.7 kilometers to 5.7 kilometers below the ocean’s surface, known as an abyssal plain.
Our first encounter with this species was on June 8, 1926, when Wright found a bob-tailed young hawk owl sitting unconcernedly on the ground in the middle of the road.
Before leaving Tattershall we made a sketch of the glorious old tower that uprises so grandly from the level land around, which sketch is engraved with this chapter, and will give a better idea of the stately pile than pages of printed description possibly could.
The disputed region is at the center of tensions and there are fears another war between the two rivals could escalate into a nuclear exchange.
Surgeons are using this technique to remove diseased gall bladders and spleens, to perform hysterectomies and to repair hernias and colons.
They'll play duets at the start of each show, then perform solo sets with their own bands before reuniting for encores.
Advertisements for luxury goods are banned and it’s riskier than ever for officials to flaunt their wealth.
Moscow’s most famous landmarks — Red Square, the Kremlin, and the domes of St. Basil’s Cathedral — are swarmed with World Cup fans doing a bit of sightseeing in between matches.
You condemn your enemies for a number of horrible things, but you celebrate those things in your allies!
The “Vieuxtemps” violin played by American virtuoso Anne Akiko Meyers is worth well over $16 million. It was made in Italy in 1741 by Guarneri del Gesu and represents the pinnacle of violinmaking’s Golden Age.
America and Russia are right about each other.
He who forgets that he is alive is as if dead.
Once a house is in ruins, it doesn't care about its foundations: it must be completely rebuilt.
So much for the insomniacs who are frustrated with sleep!
Mercy for insomniacs who are frustrated with sleep!
Mercy for insomniacs who are deprived with sleep!
Durga puja is also known as Durgotsava or Sharodotsava.
Durga puja is an annual Hindu festival.
Durga puja and is also celebrated because of Durga's victory over Mahishasur.
Durga puja is also celebrated in Bangladesh.
Durga puja is celebrated mostly in the Indian states of West Bengal, Bihar, Assam, Odisha and Tripura.
Durga puja is a ten-day festival.
The Durga puja is performed in homes and public.
Durga puja is an important festival in the Shaktism tradition of Hinduism.
The Durga puja festival marks the victory of goddess Durga in her battle against the shape-shifting asura, Mahishasura.
The Durga puja festival epitomizes the victory of good over evil.
Durga puja is an old tradition of Hinduism.
Durga puja is also called Akalbodhan.
Have an easy fast.
We're fucked a thousand different ways.
Well, we're fucked.
Looks like we're fucked.
I was pregnant with Tom when this picture was taken.
Did I tell you Tom and Mary aren't speaking?
That's how Tom is, too.
That's what I was telling Tom.
It is worth while to examine how such a mind argues, what it considers as clinching evidence, how it hopes to convince the alert intellectual of to-day.
That's what I was telling Tom the other day at Mary's.
I haven't heard that since Mary was pregnant with Tom.
I don't think I've seen Cookie since Mary was pregnant with Tom.
Tom is always saying that, too.
Tom was asking about that, too.
On this planet, the mushrooms are sapient.
Yellow or stripe rust has been in the region for many years but was contained by using certain resistant crops.
We went out in search of others like us, but all we found were dead rocks.
Those are important.
The absurdists are right.
We're going to visit Tom in the hospital if you want to come.
Instead of using standard injection molding to make products, the Carbon 3-D company uses light and oxygen to shape objects.
We're going to get our ears pierced.
I haven't seen Mary since Alice's wedding shower.
Many marine animals have polarizing lenses in their eyes—lenses that manipulate the passage of light and control the animal's view of the world, just like a pair of polarizing sunglasses does for humans.
The key discovery, researchers said, is how closely this natural filtering ability is linked to a person’s IQ score.
It is said that President Abraham Lincoln’s clemency for a turkey was the origin for the pardoning ceremony that is now so well publicized.
The U.S. space agency, NASA, says it positioned Opportunity with its solar panel angled toward the Sun to make sure the rover will have enough power to last for the duration of the long Martian winter.
But one of the charges put repeatedly by the opposition against the government is that they don’t have the manpower.
It finds planets using a technique called the radial-velocity method, which measures changes in the speed of a star's movement toward or away from earth caused by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet.
Surveying college students from around the world, the Welsh researchers found that their respondents picked kindness as the most important quality in someone they would like to spend their lives with.
The United Nations warns of a catastrophic oil spill off the Red Sea coast of Yemen if oil from a decaying tanker ship is not loaded onto a safer vessel.
And some Iraqis residing in the Jordanian capital, Amman, are tempering their anger by seeking refuge in religion.
Marijuana, also known as cannabis, is now legal in 28 U.S. states for either medical or recreational use. Of those states, four of them legalized recreational marijuana last November, including California. At a dispensary in Los Angeles, the experience for customers is more similar to a trip to the winery or high-end retail store.
Their lawyers, in a July 1 open letter published by state-approved news site jamaran.ir, already had denounced the judiciary’s case against their clients as based on “confessions that were extracted under aberrant conditions.”
Police authorities said the abductees who were rescued include 19 infants between two and seven months old, and 16 other children.
The lawsuit argues that of the approximately 6.75 million ballots cast in Pennsylvania, the 2.6 million that were sent by mail had fewer safeguards to ensure their transparency and verifiability.
I haven't seen Mary since Alice's baby shower.
The stickers on the bottom of my laptop have worn away.
He doesn't have a penny.
Shame makes one blush, fear makes one turn yellow.
We might have to milk her without her being pregnant.
It needs a stone.
Mozambique has been on edge since Renamo’s president, Afonso Dhlakama, moved back to an old bush camp in the remote Gorongosa Mountains and began giving civil war-era soldiers refresher courses on how to use guns.
Come to think of it, I've never seen Tom Jackson and Tom Hansen in the same room together.
They discovered that a genetic variation in people of African descent that once protected them against malaria seems to a play a role in increasing susceptibility to HIV and AIDS.
Eight lawmakers are sponsoring the bill, which was introduced in parliament Monday.
A global shortage of microchips is only a part of the difficulty roiling the global automotive industry.
Last month, the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced its first recovery of looted cultural property from Iraq: 8 ancient Babylonian seals, 4,000 to 5,000 years old.
A product that once took 15 minutes to turn by hand now pops out of a computer controlled lathe every few seconds.
Major U.S. stock markets made strong gains Tuesday as strong earnings reports encouraged investors.
The project has been such a success that it led to the creation of Russia's largest systems integrator, which now employs many of the program's graduates.
This week, fast food giant Yum China Holdings announced it is converting its current secondary share listings in Hong Kong to a primary listing, which would make delisting simpler.
European markets are mixed Tuesday as the worsening coronavirus pandemic around the world, coupled with political turmoil in the United States, is putting a damper on trading activity.
During his stay in the Northwestern state of Washington, national parks traveler Mikah Meyer got to see two of the state's most cherished icons from a vantage point few people get.
Little-remembered now is that Grand Central Terminal was the target of a Nazi plot during WWII: Two German agents were dispatched to sabotage the giant rotary convertors in a deep subbasement that supplied electrical current for the railways.
Searching for those differences is one of the tasks for the people at the Compact Muon Solenoid, or CMS, one of four main experiment sites around the Large Hadron Collider at CERN.
She carefully puts a small amount of paint on one leaf using the “dry brush” method — mixing tiny drops of water with watercolors and then using a paintbrush to draw short, fine lines.
The day also is meant to shed light on the issues threatening the health of the world’s ecosystems to ensure their survivability.
The head of the World Health Organization said Monday he will begin an independent evaluation of the U.N. health agency’s response to the coronavirus pandemic “at the earliest appropriate moment.”
Akzo Nobel, the world's largest paint and coatings supplier, reported that Asian sales, which account for 20 percent of global revenue, helped its second quarter profit leap 76 percent from last year to $351 million.
Experts read this as signalling Washington wants to open a new page in transatlantic relations.
While former Liberian president, Charles Taylor, is being tried in The Hague for alleged war crimes in Sierra Leone, his imprint is still being felt in the neighboring country of Guinea as well.
With the help of an infrared distance-measuring device, some electronic circuits, and a mechanical actuator that adjusts the lens' rear membrane, the process takes only 14 milliseconds.
Today, a gearbox will show up at our factory, and just a matter of hours later, the unit leaves.
He, too, was an attractive boy, and in spite of his pride possessed a warm, affectionate heart and sterling qualities, likely to endear him to those who could read and understand him.
But computerized axial tomography, better known as a helical CT scan, provided doctors with far greater detail.
A lab at the University of California, Los Angeles is trying to solve that problem by developing a handheld allergen detector for consumers.
That was some scary stuff.
There's not enough coffee in the world for that.
There's not enough alcohol in the world for that.
I don't like long flights.
Wallabies were accidentally introduced to Hawaii and have become naturalized.
Pademelons are adorable, aren't they?
Most of the religions in Iran have been there longer than Islam.
Iran is ultimately responsible for the ethnic cleansing of Yemen's Jews by the Houthis. They were non-Zionists.
Iran says it is anti-Zionist and not antisemitic, but it hosts Holocaust denial conferences.
Strict abortion laws lead to higher maternal mortality.
Anti-abortion laws have nothing to do with life and everything to do with control.
It isn't censorship to judge people for their political beliefs; it's just normal.
I wouldn't be surprised if some Republican influencer's next move was to kick puppies on video to trigger the libs.
It's too cringe to be fake.
The Houthis are fascists.
The actions of nominally "anti-Zionist" governments are ironically among the largest drivers of Jewish immigration to Israel.
That's pretty cringe, dude.
Dr. Curcillo makes one incision then uses a pliable instrument that can move more like a surgeon's hand than the long, stiff laparoscopes surgeons have used for the past decade or so.
The London to Amsterdam flight was partially powered with a mixture of coconut and babassu nut oil.
In their analysis of fast food packaging, researchers said 20 percent of paperboard samples, including boxes for french fries and pizza, contained fluorine.
Hindering doctors’ efforts to quickly treat these potentially life threatening infections, like MRSA and multidrug-resistant tuberculosis, is the amount of time it now takes for needed diagnostic tests to come back from the lab.
"And I thought about democracy, and I thought we all have to get along somehow. You might not like an orange, you might not like a banana by itself, but if you combine different fruits together, you might actually be able to produce something which is consumable by the whole society," he states.
The shortage started when leaded petrol was recently phased out for unleaded petrol.
Analysts say it is one more strand in the ever-expanding web of transportation channels pulling China and Southeast Asia closer under the banner of Beijing’s sprawling Belt and Road Initiative while boosting China’s sway across the region.
This mission, known as Transporter 3, is part of SpaceX’s rideshare program which in two previous outings has put over 220 small satellites into orbit.
A coin toss has decided the winner of a race for mayor in a small town in the Philippines, after both candidates received the same number of votes in Monday's election.
Naivasha is Kenya's floriculture heartland and workers at Van den Berg Kenya are trimming, packing and refrigerating bundles of roses.
The train's bell rings, the whistle blows, the headlight comes on and the engine eventually takes off, pulling a passenger car loaded with a green cat, a yellow bear, a purple rabbit and a yellow dog with red ears.
Tom annexed Moscow.
Tom killed JFK.
Tom killed John F. Kennedy.
This man has a very strong temper.
He is a very angry person.
Biden has pardoned all those convicted of simple marijuana possession.
Next, Biden should pardon all those convicted of simple possession of any drug.
There are a ton of people who oppose any division of Palestine, but are asking Ukrainians to accept Russian land theft.
The Yiddish word מעשׂה is pronounced "mayse," "mase," or "manse," the last of which contains a remnant of an old velar nasal pronunciation of the letter ayin.
After college, she continued her travels—to Russian villages, Irish pubs, Appalachian hollows, all to listen, learn and absorb songs that have been sung for generations, in places where music is woven into everyday life.
Just when it looked like electronic components could not get smaller, scientists in the United States announced that they have created the first transistor that - for all practical purposes - has only two dimensions.
A golf driving range now sits among the durian stores and seafood restaurants on some of Ho Chi Minh City’s prime real estate, just outside of downtown.
Leaf-cutter ants have powerful blades on either side of their head that are as sharp as any man-made knife.
Sculptured votive wreaths, six in all, are hung between the capitals of the columns and the spandrel of the arches.
A senior State Department official who briefed reporters on the day's meetings said the broader the support for the resolution in the 15-member council, the more "catalytic" the measure will be in drawing other countries into what is to be a U.N. force under an American commander.
She denied accusations that international organizations, such as the World Bank, are pressurizing poor countries to sell land to international investors to help people get out of poverty.
He had lost 20 kilos from dehydration and was suffering from bacillary dysentery.
The 2d law of chemical attraction is, that it takes place only between the most minute particles of bodies; therefore, the more you divide the particles of the bodies to be combined, the more readily they act upon each other.
The economy grew four-tenths of a percent in the quarter, reversing the slightly negative growth rate seen in the previous quarter. This is the largest such increase since the second quarter of 2002, and follows encouraging economic figures issued this week from the euro zone's three largest economies: Germany, France and Italy.
Inside that murky vial, attached to the negative electrode like barnacles to a ship's hull, an unusual type of bacteria feast on particles of organic waste and produce electricity that is captured by the battery's positive electrode.
This medical professor says his team found that within hours of donation, banked blood begins to lose nitric oxide, a gas that is crucial for the delivery of oxygen to tissues.
Albert Memmi's book "Decolonization and the Decolonized" is such a breath of fresh air.
The material, called hyperelastic bone, stimulates new bone growth when grafted to a bone injury site, and its developers say it is perfect for use in developing countries because it is inexpensive and quick to create.
Called Displaced, the project, he says, is an exploration of psychological disconnection and the legacy of the Khmer Rouge.
The U.S. government has announced sweeping rules that require chain restaurants and movie theaters across the country to post calorie counts on their menus.
Most of them identify as being ethnically Kurdish and speak both the Sorani and Gorani dialects of the Kurdish language.
Cats need a lot of "me time."
You are welcome, Ravi.
Spain is following Italy in talking about scaling back coronavirus restrictions as its numbers start to recede.
But he did make an oblique reference to the deteriorating human rights situation, one that the White House has increasingly become more public in condemning in recent weeks.
The illegal relic trade is a "key source" of some of that wealth, according to Lawrence Schindell who tracks art sales and money laundering in the art world and heads ARIS Title Insurance Corporation.
Surgeons can use the adhesive to reconnect skin and tissue inside the body.
After extensively studying the quake and its aftermath, scientists say the rupture is unprecedented.
Since June 1, when the program started, some 500 jars of the basil, cheese, pine nut and olive oil sauce have already been allowed to pass through security, airport officials said.
Seneca was always a little touchy about Cornutus's style, and he was now thoroughly angry, for he was not accustomed to be thus bluntly addressed by one so immeasurably beneath him in rank.
But within a day of its construction, the wall was hauled away slab by slab, to the sound of protesters singing the national anthem.
There were no galaxies or even stars, only diffuse gas.
Reactors there are threatening to overheat and radioactive steam has already been vented into the atmosphere.
Writing in the journal Applied and Environmental Microbiology, researchers from Belgium, a country known for it’s chocolate, say that different yeasts used in the fermentation stage of chocolate production impart different flavors and aromas to the final product.
Nearly three decades later, U.S. President Donald Trump is hoping that simple message in 2020 will help foil his eventual Democratic Party challenger.
As his Washington Post obituary pointed out, Mr. Thomas "came to regret" not asking Swanson to give him, instead, a penny for each dinner sold.
If you raise your eyebrows, your forehead's going to furrow.
Her hair was the color that lines a chestnut-bur; her eyes were blue in the sunlight and purple in the shade; her cheeks bloomed with the faint pink that edges the clouds at sunset; her lips were full red, pouting and sweet. For costume she adopted oak-leaf green; all the wood-nymphs dress in that color and know no other so desirable. Her dainty feet were sandal-clad, while her head remained bare of covering other than her silken tresses.
Computer programming was devalued as a women's job until it became lucrative, at which point women were sidelined.
The term "identity politics" is in large part used as a thought-terminating cliché by people who don't want to think too much about things they don't yet understand.
Obviously the Republicans are scared to death of the voters.
Republicans have gone to insane lengths to suppress votes, discount them, make it hard to vote, and discourage voting through subterfuge, and are now allowing state legislatures to disregard election results entirely.
"If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal." "But the Republicans are obviously trying to disenfranchise as many voters as possible."
Twitter is a website where people go to see celebrities whine.
Twitter is a website where people go to directly insult celebrities.
Drugs are too expensive to waste by putting them in Halloween candy for children.
Farmers usually castrate male piglets to prevent them from accumulating a bad taste known as "boar taint." This is often done without anesthetics.
"Wow, I guess there was a king who—" "Tom, I don't care."
I just spilled my coffee.
What if the universe is infinite?
What kind of gas are you talking about?
In the U.S. and Canada, we call petrol "gas."
You also have a typo.
On Tatoeba, "Cookie" is a wildcard name for any pet.
A pun was not intended here.
That translation works.
I can't think of any at the moment.
I haven't read that anywhere.
Tom changed lanes without using his turn signal.
Tom changed lanes without signaling.
The light was still yellow when the car entered the intersection.
Tom drove into a ditch.
The park's not safe at night.
Where did you see the UFO?
The car behind me suddenly turned off its lights.
We could hear footsteps getting closer to our tent.
I could see a figure standing motionless in the distance.
Tom claims he's being followed.
I don't know who they are or what they want, but they won't leave me alone.
They've made my life a living hell.
I don't feel safe in my own home.
Tom came downstairs and saw the front door wide open.
Tom's car was found abandoned in a cornfield.
Instruments in the cockpit indicated a battery error, the latest in a series of mishaps including braking problems, battery fires, a cracked windscreen and fuel leaks.
Profits are the unpaid wages of the working class.
“Very much unanticipated,” a senior U.S. defense official said at the time, describing what he called “the magnitude of humanity” flowing out of the terror group’s final shred of territory.
The relevance of sport as a factor for integration of socially disadvantaged groups cannot be underestimated.
Feringa, a professor in organic chemistry at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands, was able to develop a molecular motor in 1999 that used a molecular rotator blade to spin continuously in the same direction.
The head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk republic Saturday issued a mobilization order for able-bodied males to present themselves to “military commissars” to sign up with local militias.
People shouldn't have to learn English.
The World Food Program is warning the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine threatens severe food shortages and acute hunger there, and risks triggering a global surge in hunger and malnutrition.
In its 2020 report, “Democracy under Lockdown,” Freedom House found that 91 out of 192 countries imposed some form of restriction on media as part of their official pandemic response.
The analysis showed that up to 95 percent of the power required for suction came from the swimming muscles.
As the monkeys became more skilled at using their brains to move their virtual arms, researchers saw signs of brain plasticity or neuronal growth, a possible sign the monkeys were incorporating the virtual arms into their own mental image.
Tom thinks he's being followed.
But not to trivialize the miracle of nanotechnology: it is quite useful if you're designing the layout of a computer chip or studying human DNA.
The move comes 10 days after state regulator Pakistan Telecom Authority (PTA) temporarily blocked access to the popular platform on the grounds of “indecent/immoral content” and its “negative effects on society.”
Sections of the indictment are so detailed that they read like a primer, a virtual "how-to manual" for anyone interested in how hackers do what they do.
His baboon story will fascinate and entertain you for sure.
Cosmonauts Vladimir Dezhurov and Mikhail Tyurin left the station on a three-hour spacewalk and found that the obstruction around the docking port for the Progress rocket was a rubber gasket.
The government is now requiring passenger buses to install a speed limiter.
In fact, almost every kind of winter sport was to be indulged in, with the exception of skating, for the king was averse to that amusement, and never included it in his entertainments.
Using tiny electro-cardiogram systems, the scientists showed that being carried about led to an immediate slowing of the infant's heart rate.
Mr. Zhang, a Beijing resident, said he had bought extra food and water, even though he doesn't think Beijing will be locked down like Shanghai.
She is encouraged that some of the money is slotted for development projects, a key issue, she argues, at this juncture.
Online racists are apt to describe their activity in the most abstract possible terms, hoping no one will look further into it.
A threat is not a worldview.
A bad-faith lie is not an opinion worthy of consideration.
It's not that Tom has a differing opinion; it's that he's threatening to murder Canadians.
We've known for over a hundred years that white men are not superior in any biological sense, and I don't think Tom is going to be the one to overturn that, given his lack of a biology degree.
The Internet doesn't stop being a place where anyone can say anything just because a website has policies against saying things THERE.
You are not entitled to anyone's bandwidth.
You are entitled to an opinion, not to an audience.
You are entitled to an opinion, not to a platform.
We already delete spam and nonsense. What a violation of free speech!
Who's going to be the judge of what is spam and what is nonsense? You?
Calling a Jew a Nazi is fucked up, unless, of course, they murdered 2/3 of a people within four years.
I think there just aren't a lot of people working on the development end of things right now.
The list of issues is long.
Race "realism" is a pseudoscience that seeks confirmation of old-fashioned biases rather than whatever the evidence shows; this makes the term a misnomer.
Intuition is important to science, but the scientific method exists to test that intuition, and the results often go against it.
Tom was looking at some incel forum.
We're still ironing out the details.
That's a good deal bigger.
Is this pumice?
Evolutionary psychology is largely a pseudoscience, as it cannot be measured or tested and is not based on experimental results.
The popular conception of evolutionary psychology is even less scientific than the discipline itself.
It took over a hundred thousand years for anatomically modern humans to develop behavioral modernity.
Sheltering kids does them a disservice.
I would like to extend to all of you my heartfelt thanks.
In 2019, all five of Australia’s major polling organizations predicted an election win for the opposition Labor Party.
During the fall, winter, and spring, fish that died of attritional mortality would be disarticulated according to the length of time they lay on the bottom prior to the next period of deposition.
Authorities in Thailand, a major transit point for smugglers, report seizing more than 10,000 live animals and 1,300 carcasses in 2013.
Everything here is done by hand — mixing the colors, feeding the papers, oiling the press and cleaning it.
Beijing is sealing off one of its largest hospitals and the Hong Kong government has quarantined more residents exposed to Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome.
Movies aren't real.
G-LOC happens during sharp turns and high-speed accelerations, when centrifugal force reduces the normal flow of blood to the pilot’s brain.
This center in Chicago, which is on the 2019 Endangered Places list, is an excellent example of grand-scale Postmodern architecture, yet faces possible demolishment.
It is the first all-electric, single rotor helicopter that gets its power from two lithium-ion battery packs.
All of the bad-faith discourse about Ukraine can be answered with the question, "Who invaded who?"
The cost of raw materials in India has risen, creating a crisis in the foundry industry, which caters to the automobile, railway, defense, and electrical industries.
The key components are an electric motor driving a rack and pinion at each wheel, accelerometers and a computerized control system.
The wolf may lose his teeth, but never his nature.
One of Olivia's drawings features the brown Pelican, many of which have been hurt or killed after oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill fouled their nesting areas.
The robots go back to Kiwi headquarters each night where they are tweaked for optimum performance.
In the suburbs of Cape Town, South Africa, baboons are considered by many residents to be unwelcome pests.
Meats become processed through several ways including salting, curing, fermentation, smoking "or any process to enhance flavor or improve preservation".
Over 17 years, team of scientists continued to excavate, analyse and piece together portions of the small woman, according to Haile-Selassie, who is now the curator and director of physical anthropology at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History.
Yom broke her left arm earlier this week by tripping on a tree log while walking out of her dark hut at night.
Instead of using brain implants to achieve this, DARPA is looking for non-invasive to minutely invasive ways of interfacing with the machine.
The lunar buggy was named the Jade Rabbit, or "Yutu," in a public vote, a folkloric reference to the goddess's pet.
Yet Evlin seems to derive wisdom from her personal experiences and the experiences of others around her.
The Indian government has warned Facebook it will treat the company as a legal abettor to violence if it does not develop tools to better combat the spread of false information.
He said both men agreed they share an "abhorrence and distaste" for war.
The continent is shimmering in a blistering heat wave that is worrying farmers and power companies.
Before they start portraying an 18th century character, the actors attend history classes, costume fittings and rehearsals.
"Christopher Columbus discovered America." "No he didn't. There were people living there already."
He's firing on all cylinders.
They laugh and, moreover, with an open throat.
They laugh and, moreover, uproariously.
It's true that English is full of vocabulary from other languages, but so are most languages.
Only by allowing runners to use their feet can we finally stop the arms race.
I got into biology because of my partner.
I got into astronomy because of my partner.
He says 17 of the hair samples showed worrying mercury contamination levels way above WHO limits of one microgram of mercury per kilogram of human body mass.
But with falling oil prices, the promotion of thriftier hybrid or all-electric vehicles was somewhat muted, shifting the auto show's focus to connectivity and automatization.
The truth leads to light, the lie leads to nothing.
Truth leads to light, lies to disaster.
No, I'm not a fox. Why do you ask?
There is a dangerous tendency gaining ground of slurring over vital things because the settlement of them involves great difficulty, and may involve great danger; but whatever the issue is we must face it.
Traditionally, Indians who drink alcohol have chosen whisky, rum and other locally-distilled spirits.
And that means making the language relevant to youth today by coining new words and phrases.
ICE's press release states that WSO officers "will not question individuals about their citizenship, alienage or removability, nor will they process aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States."
They then were able to determine which rats were high or low alcohol consumers and divide them accordingly.
Police say the scalping ring had made up to $450,000 per game by re-selling the complimentary tickets.
Abject poverty and lack of work has led people to go to extreme measures.
An entire generation of Americans has never enjoyed the experience of slipping an LP out of its sleeve, centering the record on the spindle, and carefully dropping the needle on a favorite cut.
The study of people in their seventies and early eighties shows that consistent performance of usual daily activities such as stair climbing is associated with a much lower risk of death.
For now, the red phone boxes, the double-decker buses, the pubs and fish and chips restaurants show Gibraltar is an unmistakable British outpost in southern Europe.
He said Iran asked that the trip be held in abeyance because of the acute problems in Bam, and said the Bush administration is not pursuing the idea any further for now.
He says he has talked with the bank, but not to request an easier payment plan. Montenegro says he asked the bank to repossess the houses, because he does not believe his family can overcome its financial troubles.
The stock exchange has been chalking up extraordinary numbers.
Some economists, however, are warning that in the pledge-making rush, political leaders are making promises they’re unlikely to be able to keep without major economic damage and are not being honest with voters about the huge transformation that’s going to be needed, and the large costs involved, most of which are likely to be shouldered by taxpayers and households.
The inner surface of the table held salt, pepper, grated cheese and breadsticks, matching cruets of pale olive oil and dark vinegar.
The cow jumped over the moon.
The little dog laughed to see such sport.
The dish ran away with the spoon.
It's so liberating to know and accept that you're weird.
I need to take my medication.
There's a big fatberg clogging up the sewer.
Tom Jackson is our new drummer.
Tom is the most wholesome person you'll ever meet.
I like the way Tom's beard feels on my face when he kisses me.
There are interdimensional beings present.
C's get degrees.
Tom Jackson gave the invocation at the meeting.
Tom Jackson is a skilled jurist.
I miss Tom's pithy observations.
Sorry, I can't. My cat is on my lap.
All you do is suck up to Tom.
The erasure of queer history is ongoing; for example, many people pretend that trans people are a new phenomenon to the world.
This is the latest example of how attacks on civilian areas continue to kill and injure children in Yemen.
Some drawing-rooms are all new and garish, and look as if they were never used except for an hour or two in the evening, and some are grand and stiff like a hotel, and others are all sweet and chintzy and home-like, with lots of plants and a scent of pot-pourri in china vases.
The International Osteoporosis Foundation projects that the global incidence of hip fracture will double by 2025, and nearly triple by 2050, when it will affect more than 6 million people.
The New York Times reported Wednesday that the volunteer, based in Britain, was diagnosed with transverse myelitis, an inflammatory syndrome that affects the spinal cord and is often sparked by viral infections.
Health officials in China say the recent surge of new SARS cases may be leveling off in Beijing.
But Indiana University researcher Amina Salamova points out that when the chemicals evaporate, they become toxic air pollutants.
Share prices fell 11% Friday after the massive online retailer posted its first quarterly loss in seven years.
British researchers say they have developed a portable breath analyzer that can detect even a very small amount of acetone in the patient’s breath.
We saw the vehicle was tumbling indicating that controllability was lost…
The lead researcher of the study, a graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania, explained that the data that were used were based on the Malawi Longitudinal Study of Families and Health.
It is the thorn that you will have disdained that may sting you.
If you give me good threads, even if they are thin, I will know how to interweave them. If it is good wool!
Escape is impossible.
Tom wasn't lying when he said that.
Tom wasn't lying when he said that there was a lot to do in Boston.
Tom blocked me.
Tom blocked me for that.
Tom blocked my shot.
Hold on for a few minutes.
The cat was meowing incessantly.
The blood test, developed by researchers at Stanford University in California, looks for patterns of immune system activation to determine whether a person is infected with the malaria parasite, and not a bacterium or virus.
Among works competing for prizes are U.S. director Tanya Wexler's “Hysteria” about the invention of the vibrator in Victorian England; “Hotel Lux” by German director Leander Haussmann; and psycho-thriller “Babycall” by Norwegian director Pal Sletaune.
This video shows hyperelastic bone being 3-D-printed into forms, absorbing liquid and demonstrating elasticity.
A gas canister exploded Monday at the Russian State Center for Research on Virology and Biotechnology in Siberia, the facility said in a statement.
Psychologists attribute that social selectivity to a recognition that time is growing too short to waste it on people we don’t like.
The medicine dispenser resembles the common automated teller machine and functions in a similar way.
People have been sticking gum to the wall since the ’90s, and travel website TripAdvisor calls it the second germiest tourist attraction in the world after Ireland's Blarney Stone.
With oil around one hundred dollars a barrel, this may be a good time for a short history of petroleum.
A cheerful ray of sun draws shadows on the window sill of a private room prepared for the next terminally ill patient at upscale Wits Hospice in Houghton, Johannesburg.
This part of the massive temple complex contains one of its most famous bas relief friezes, called the Churning of the Sea of Milk, which depicts dueling gods and demons, adorned by apsaras—or celestial nymphs—ascending to the heavens, symbolizing life and immortality.
Billing is part of a group of two-wheel enthusiasts who are working towards smoothing the path for a new American mode of transportation - the bicycle.
The weight of structures on the delta, decreased upstream sediment flows and natural compaction are also contributing factors to the loss of delta land, he said.
Are humans fish?
What is a fish?
Cladistically, fish do not exist.
Most people rejected Tom's message.
They hated Tom because he told them the truth.
Just off of Anderson Street, a main connector in downtown Johannesburg, Dirk Bahmann heads through the lobby and into the elevator, up to the fourth floor.
We found our way accidentally, trailing a dog walker during our allowed hour-long daily exercise.
I live on an uncharted island in the Pacific.
Public health experts say they fear the variant could overwhelm Zimbabwe's collapsed health care system.
Rights group Amnesty International's annual report documents human rights violations in nearly 160 countries and claims 2017 saw the politics of hate and fear normalized by some of the most powerful leaders in the world.
Local business owners clean the beach each morning, but the trash begins to accumulate shortly after.
Tom hit a parked car.
Tom drove into a parked car.
Mary got a restraining order against Tom.
A new variant of the coronavirus found in white-tailed deer in Canada was later discovered in a person who lived nearby and had contact with the deer population, according to a recent study.
Tom's car got repossessed.
Tom's car got repoed.
Tom's house got foreclosed on.
This is too good to be something you drew.
This is the spot. Keep digging.
He then indulged a passion for East Asia, walking across China and writing about that experience as well.
Tom still wets the bed.
On Wednesday, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, or SIGAR, released its audit of the project, saying that once the U.S. or any donor provides its contributions to the fund, neither the World Bank nor USAID can account for where and how the funds are being spent.
But some studies suggest that little understood changes in the planet's large circulating water patterns, and what scientists call "decreased heat flux" in the warm Atlantic waters that flow North from the equator could actually reverse the trend of less ice.
Most of the uneaten rice, chicken, noodles and other food lands in a huge shredding machine in the mall basement.
I added some of your own to it.
I learned all my Kabyle lessons.
The Kabyle language is not difficult.
All foreign students learn Kabyle when they study in Kabylie.
The Kabyle song is famous in the world.
Have you ever eaten a Kabyle meal?
Do you know a Kabyle recipe?
The carob is a fruit very answered in Kabylie.
Tom finally married a Kabyle woman.
Tom loves to eat Kabyle dishes.
Tom has visited Kabylia many times.
Tom speaks Kabyle fluently.
Tom is always well received in Kabylie.
Tom has Kabyle friends.
Tom went to visit the grave of Matoub Lounès in Kabylia.
Tom is sad to know that Kabylia is burning.
Tom joined the peaceful Kabyle activists in the name of human rights.
Tom often wears his Kabyle burnous in winter.
Every night Tom reads Kabyle stories to his children.
Tom has a son named Firmus.
Tom also has a daughter named Tiziri.
Tom's children are Kabyle-Americans.
Tom's brother also married a Kabyle woman.
Tom has a beautiful house in Kabylia.
Tom bought books of Kabyle literature.
Tom enrolled his children in a Kabyle school.
Tom has joined the team of Kabyle translators.
Tom wishes the development of Kabylie in order to live there.
Tom sings in Kabyle.
Tom knows all the Kabyle games.
Tom is happy to spend his vacations in Kabylie with his family.
Nothing forces Tom to stay in Kabylia.
Tom taught Kabyle in Boston.
Tom invited his colleagues to eat Kabyle couscous in Boston.
Tom offered a Kabyle red wine to his best friend.
Tom offered his bilingual Kabyle-English dictionary to his sister who is dating a Kabyle man.
Tom's father contributed a lot to the protection of nature in Kabylia.
Tom's mother was an English teacher in a Kabyle village in the seventies.
Tom is very angry about the imprisonment of four hundred Kabyle peace activists by the Algerian authorities.
Fortunately, Tom speaks Kabyle because he accompanied a Kabyle emigrant to the emergency room.
At home Tom speaks English to his children as opposed to his wife who speaks to them in Kabyle.
When Tom speaks Kabyle with his wife, his neighbors understand nothing at all.
Tom sent a request to the UN denouncing the human rights violations taking place in Kabylie.
Tom was happy to have spoken Kabyle with his mother-in-law.
Tom loves to speak Kabyle with his stepfather.
Tom began to study philosophy in Kabyle.
Tom understood that the Kabyle language is part of the human heritage and that it is protected by UNESCO.
Tom's wife is a supporter of the Kabyle national soccer team.
Tom opened a Kabyle school in Boston.
Tom and his wife opened a Kabyle marriage agency in Boston.
Tom's children watch a Kabyle movie on TV.
Tom explains math problems to his son.
Tom is unable to explain a Kabyle grammar lesson to his nephew.
They linger over the Tuscan reds and nibble on tomato-topped bruschette.
The World Health Organization is urging African countries to ramp up preparations for COVID-19 vaccination rollouts in anticipation of the imminent arrival of millions of vaccine doses on the continent.
A high school in California is making students give up their cellphones during the day by having them deposit the devices in a specially sealed pouch.
Floodwaters in Pakistan are beginning to recede in parts of the south, as the country struggles to provide desperately needed aid to millions across the country.
Dragon's blood, mandrake root and devil's snare were used for potions and spells in the Harry Potter series.
There are increasing calls for lawmakers to reconsider copyright laws that protect the owners of 3D printing designs.
Born in 1939 to parents who ran a gasoline station, Mr. Howard trained as a solicitor.
Scientists at the University of Warwick in England, led by chemist David Haddleton, developed the five-centimeter square bandage that contains a special polymer adhesive infused with the painkiller.
The device is fitted with a rubber gasket that engineers hope will create a seal, so crews can siphon the oil and natural gas into a surface ship.
The court heard the testimony of Tom Jackson.
Tom does not need a visa to go to Kabylia because he has a Kabyle passport.
The U.S. space agency, NASA, says there are slightly fewer massive, planet-buster asteroids and far fewer mid-sized, city-buster asteroids than previously thought in near-Earth orbit.
His crime: buying a cleaning solvent from the Chinese company Alibaba that is illegal in Russia because it can also be used as a drug.
Life expectancy in Africa rose by nearly 10 years between 2000 and 2019, from 46 years to 56 years, according to the World Health Organization's State of Health in Africa report released Thursday.
The Georgia Tech team also is trying to place the magnetic sensors into a dental retainer, getting rid of the headset.
Tens of millions of Americans have already voted ahead of Tuesday’s national election, some at early polling sites and others by mailing or dropping off absentee ballots.
Researchers at the University of Manchester in England say they’ve successfully used graphene-oxide membranes to filter common salts from seawater, turning it into drinking water more affordably than current desalination techniques.
Tom's testimony cast serious doubt on the verity of John's account.
I'll have to scrounge up another couple of dollars.
In recent decades, the prize has sometimes gone to individuals who, many believe, have failed to live up to the standard articulated by the founder of the prize, Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel.
The bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccine for tuberculosis causes front-line immune cells to make long-lasting biological “marks” on their DNA, changing how they read genetic instructions for fighting off viruses, the researchers say.
Under Section 702, surveillance has to be targeted, that is, it has to be “selector-based,” meaning either a particular email or phone number.
For centuries, friends and family chanted songs, youngsters danced, and cooks dished out traditional delicacies when Indian wedding festivities got under way.
They theorized that the easily reversible adhesion of the gecko's footpads is not dependent solely on those microscopic hairs, but also on the unique internal anatomy of the lizard's foot.
In addition to the ban on “gay” emojis, Indonesia has seen blockages of Netflix and video site Vimeo, expressing concern about the appropriateness of the content found on those sites.
Researchers from five North American universities have collaborated on a study that found the process in fully oxidizing the atmosphere didn’t happen suddenly, but instead took place in scattered bursts over an approximately 100-million-year period in what has become known as the Great Oxidation Event.
Dr. Jill explains how to make your own potting mix, find cheap (or free!) containers, and how to know what you should grow.
But that's none of my business.
No derivative works are permitted.
No commercial use is permitted.
Sharing is permitted only under the same or an equivalent license.
My money came in.
I got paid.
It's my party.
Select a character.
We can't afford to live in Boston anymore.
We can't afford to live in Boston.
I couldn't afford living in Boston.
Tom is a Canadian living in Boston, Australia.
My heart and my best intentions tell me that's true, but the facts and evidence tell me it is not.
Our traditions are not for outsiders.
How can you speak our secret language?
Tom plays Minecraft.
Ronald Reagan funded cocaine-dealing fascists in Nicaragua using money he got from selling weapons to Iran behind U.S. sanctions.
It will happen very soon.
That's very inefficient.
Apparently, some trucks need a special device called a “brake retarder” in order to stop or slow down on certain road conditions.
But that did nothing to diminish his excitement or that of his family and supporters at home in Indian-administered Kashmir, who took huge pride in the only Indian athlete to have made it into the 2022 Winter Olympics.
She was fined more than $2.5 million for "abetment" in concealing her father's overseas assets, and her husband, Muhammad Safdar, was given a one-year term.
For the past 30 years, the former doctor has immersed himself in ceramics, using his surgical skills to create magnificent porcelain objects which he has exhibited in craft shows and galleries across the United States.
With no utensils in sight, she resorts to scooping it up (and scarfing it down) directly from the pot with hunks of bread.
With fears of the coronavirus pandemic sweeping the U.S., Democratic presidential candidates Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders are staging virtual rallies Monday, a day ahead of presidential nominating primary elections in four states that Biden is expected to win handily.
Quit hogging the chips.
He knew that a small proportion of the world's languages use a sound called an "ejective consonant" - a sound made by pressurizing air in the back of the throat.
The variety that has proven deadly to infected humans, H5N1 virus, primarily infects poultry, but public-health authorities have long warned that a further mutation or alteration of the structure of the virus could produce a strain that could spread easily from human to human, and thus pose the potential threat of a worldwide pandemic.
Katti's work involved very small particles of gold encapsulated in a protective stabilizer from an acacia tree.
Drone video and other video and pictures of the elephants splashing in puddles and playing in the mud have been shared with hundreds of millions of people on social media.
What is a tensor?
Don't tell me you left Tom in Boston.
Don't tell me you left Tom at the bar.
That's my favorite bar.
We smashed.
It wouldn't have happened without Tom.
The TV is talking about me in code.
We're pro-sex-work.
This is what they don't want you to know.
It's a wild turkey!
If anything happens to me, tell Tom I love him.
Reality feels glitchy lately.
It's beyond repair.
Your watch is beyond repair.
Your car is beyond repair.
It would cost more to repair this than to get a new one.
It made the world smaller, creating a shortcut for cargo ships that ply their trade from east and west.
Wallace says iron is still the predominant metal due to its populist appeal and its function as material for tooling and intricate art pieces.
To avoid a similar problem next year, pollsters are weighting their samples differently to gauge how people with different educational backgrounds are likely to vote, he said.
"The way that she is mounted on the metal armature allows us to remove every bone individually, every piece of rock," Hoogstraten told VOA.
Saturation diving allows divers to stay a long time at great depths, but when they want to return to the surface, they have to go through more than 16 hours of decompression inside the habitat.
They are called alkalic lavas, and they're noted for their incredible flow velocity because their viscosity is extremely low.
Hedge funds, investors and currency speculators are now shorting sterling in volumes not seen, even during the 2008 financial crash.
A country that has today $2,000 per capita income per year can attain $6,000 per capita income per year in the long term if it improves its rule of law, control corruption and government effectiveness.
Also be sure to check out the pictures of the world's best bathrooms — winners of the Golden Plunger award — with artist-designed decor, fresh flowers, gold fixtures and one even has a pool table.
1.5 million Armenians died in the Armenian genocide.
My friend Bothwell often refers to the belly as a “success curve”—the steeper the gradient, the higher the level of affluence.
The most surprising symptom of long COVID is a change in politics.
The Kabyles are nice people.
Kabyle people integrate easily into other societies.
The majority of Kabyle people are multilingual.
The Kabyle are nature lovers.
Do you know any Kabyle in your school?
Are there any Kabyles in your work?
Didn't Tom used to say that?
Then, with hope and determination threaded through every sentence, he spoke.
Mr. Koizumi, dressed in a pink shirt and white slacks atop his party's truck, tells Tokyo voters postal reform is the prerequisite for all other reform.
Let's learn a language together.
One of his steadiest jobs was playing five nights a week at the Old Absinthe House on Bourbon Street.
It is normal for the length of a day on Earth to vary by about 1,000 microseconds (one millisecond) throughout the year.
His team is working to increase the aircraft’s efficiency through its aerodynamic and structural design and reduce its operating costs.
Nasutoceratops — which means big-nosed horn face — lived 76 million years ago, in the late Cretaceous period, in what was then a subtropical swampy environment.
COPD is a group of diseases, including emphysema, that is characterized by coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath and chest tightness.
Few if any snakebites are reported, since snakes with any sense about them avoid pathways, but some pet dogs accompanying hikers have been bitten while nosing around in the brush.
As black designers continue to gain recognition in the global fashion industry, a new wave of African culture is surfacing on the streets of Brooklyn, New York.
This contradiction is at the heart of a recent debate in Germany and the European Union about tax avoidance by wealthy multinational corporations.
Tom always sounds so dispassionate, no matter what he's talking about.
Their food, they ate it all at once.
Their food, they ate it in one sitting.
They ate their food in one sitting.
A “standardized test” is any kind of test that requires all test takers to answer the same questions in the same way, like the TOEFL or IELTS.
It all begins with the hands, said Dave Harbourt, a biosafety officer at USAMRIID, as he taped two pairs of elastic gloves to the end of his long-sleeved undershirt.
Silver blades forged with high-tensile carbon steel flash as they slice through cardinal-red fillets of salmon on a restaurant counter in inner-city Johannesburg.
The Chicago-based non-profit Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists kept the analog hands at the same time for a second year in a row — the closest it has been to midnight during its 75 years.
Shuttle officials say lightweight insulating foam that flew off Columbia's external fuel tank broke into dust and was not heavy enough to have damaged its left wing.
British media said the military deployed technology similar to the Israeli-designed Drone Dome system, which can detect and disable a drone by jamming its communication frequencies.
But he said, too few nations have abided by their commitments.
The telephone time-of-day service also is used to synchronize clocks and watches, and for the calibration of stopwatches and timers (although slightly less accurate than radio reception).
It is helpful to not only look up the definition of words within a dictionary, but to look up synonyms of a word in a thesaurus to understand different connotations.
Project 1640 is a first-of-its-kind, high-contrast imaging program which combines high-tech instrumentation and software, giving scientists the ability to spot planets orbiting distant suns in star systems outside of our solar system.
Why is winter so much longer than every other season?
This is just one piece of it.
As if a cat could let go of its meat!
Tom didn't tell me you were going to the meeting Mary and John are going to.
Tom didn't tell me you were going to the amusement park with John and Mary.
I wish Tom would tell me these things.
Tom was taking notes at the meeting.
Tom took notes at the meeting.
Tom took the minutes.
When a person develops cancer, the body mounts an immune response against the renegade cells but it is often too weak to halt their spread.
Last May we bought twenty-five bulbs of Lilium auratum for a shilling.
The computer's name is Sam, or Search Algorithm for Ligands, and Australian researchers say its new flu drug is a “turbo-charged” version of existing treatments.
She explained that specialists, with “devoted support” from Pakistani, Icelandic and Chilean authorities, have scrutinized satellite images, used synthetic aperture radar technology, scanned hundreds of pictures, and checked testimonials and times.
She said investor interest in the continent has been largely driven by the attraction of financial technology companies.
Paul Levinson said that any attempts to abridge that right — either by governments or through commercial pressure from web providers — will ultimately fail.
Since 2007, the regional peacekeeping mission, which operates with U.N. approval, has aided Somali government forces in their battle to stabilize the Horn of Africa country, mainly against al-Shabab militants.
Factory production — the largest component of the statistic — jumped by 0.7 percent.
She said the declaration was an acknowledgment of the burden the next generation faces.
I speak the Santali language.
Long says while the demand for products used in traditional Chinese medicine has decreased since a 1993 law in China banning their sale, there's increased demand for use of tiger bones in tonic wine and tiger meat.
The American Museum of Natural History’s “Creatures of Light” exhibit features jellyfish that glow green, anglerfish whose lantern-like bulbs dangle from their foreheads and luminous glowworms that hang mucus-like strands from cave ceilings to attract and ensnare their prey.
The old lutes, spinets, viols, dulcimers, &c., are not only elegant in shape but are also often tastefully ornamented with carvings, designs in marquetry, and painting.
Many women around the world do not have the power to refuse sex or require their partners to use condoms, so public health officials have been seeking an odorless, tasteless compound a woman could apply privately to block HIV infection.
Once a cheater, always a cheater.
California has an official animal, the grizzly bear, and a state bird, the California quail.
Researchers say the speech impediment appears to stem from a defect in the gene that regulates the way brain cells break down and recycle waste products.
The legislation, “an act to enforce the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution,” outlawed practices and procedures that “deny or abridge” the right to vote based on race or color.
The states that keep the government solvent are the ones where taxpayers contribute more than they get back.
President Barack Obama's nomination of U.S. Solicitor General Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court of the United States has prompted leading Republicans to raise questions about her experience.
As far as we are concerned we see this as a political gimmick made to hoodwink people.
Cookie knocked the vase off the table.
Diwali is celebrated in India.
Deepavali is a Hindu religious festival of lights.
The cat knocked the vase off the table.
My dad had a heart attack.
So-called “animal traction” isn't a Congolese tradition, but the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says that in areas where roads are bad, it could take a load off people's backs — especially for women.
The study outlining the researcher’s findings has been published in the journal Ergonomics.
Saray Khumalo, the first black African woman to conquer Mt. Everest, appears to have set a Guinness World Record for the most money raised during an eight-hour stationary cycling fundraiser.
New York, like 34 other states, has a so-called “net metering” law, which permits Raacke, whose home is still wired to the local power grid, to sell back to the utility company any excess electricity he produces.
This time of year, many college and university graduates sit patiently through long graduation ceremonies, fanning themselves in the heat and waiting for the main event: a movie star, celebrity, politician or world leader to deliver words of wisdom.
Speaking Tuesday before the United Nations' highest court, he said Japan strictly abides by international law, and its research findings help the scientific community.
Chinese banks began to prohibit the use of digital currencies in 2013 and stepped up regulations after 2016.
There are too many to enumerate here.
Then he bought a black tuxedo suit for the theater, a warm winter coat, a red bathrobe, and the finest silk underclothes.
Take it, as a keepsake from me.
The incipient movement has a lot to prove.
She buys antique chair frames, gives them a new finish, and adds her custom-designed, hand-painted upholstery.
Pigs eat slop.
I don't exercise enough to counterbalance the amount of calories I take in.
Raise the drawbridge!
Ms. Trosper says Spirit's operators are extending its instrument arm to brush the Martian dust from Adirondack, get close-up images with its microscope camera, and determine the rock's mineral content with an infrared sensor. She notes that they will use an abrasion tool Tuesday to scratch below its surface before moving on to its next target.
Nigerian singer Fireboy DML's smash track “Peru” was gaining traction across the globe when megastar Ed Sheeran offered to contribute a verse to the remix.
Last Christmas Teri Welsh was happily holidaying in Mauritius with her husband Craig, two children, and Pumla, their friend and child minder to 9-year-old Jay, and 2-year-old Kiera.
Students cite the cost of flights, and worries about renewing visas as the main reasons for not traveling.
In May, a report from the Institute of International Education (IIE) showed that 88% of nearly 600 respondent institutions anticipate international student enrollment decreasing in the 2020-2021 academic year because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Cheok said different tastes are triggered by molecules that cause chemical ionization on the surface of the tongue, sending the brain electrical signals of a specific amplitude and frequency that are possible to reproduce with two electrodes.
“You must be blind,” said the first; “or a numbskull,” said the second; “or mad,” cried the third.
When a fruit has been picked before it is ripe, it loses all its taste.
When a fruit has been picked before it is ripe, it is useless to expect a good taste.
We are still going in circles.
There's a killer on the loose.
Did you do the thing?
Lingwa de Planeta, Pandunia, and Globasa are worldlangs.
I'm sure it wouldn't interest anyone.
Let's go to the botanical garden.
Judaism prefers actions to belief.
People began making ceramic pottery 20,000 years ago about 2000 years earlier than previously thought — according to a new analysis of ancient Chinese pot shards.
Enervated but suddenly on adrenaline deer alert, our eyes the size of egg yolks, we crept onward at half the posted speed limit, certain that an amorous buck would come bounding out of the brush and into our grille.
The scenes that are unravelling here are like we are emerging from a war, he says.
He fought in the Revolutionary War, wrote powerful arguments to persuade the states to accept the Constitution, and helped create the country’s national banking and economic system.
The ancient Roman poet Terence declared that in every endeavor, the seemly course for wise men is to try persuasion first.
But Shaaban used much of her time to criticize the U.S. and its allies, going as far as to deride the West's humanitarian efforts, saying the Syrian people “have never been used to eat tinned food and macaroni.”
It is news that has been verified by an independent organization that is accountable for the information.
Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg and his fellow tech entrepreneurs have redefined the image of the CEO and the look of the American workplace, creating productive and family-friendly environments for their employees. Check the surveys of “50 best places work in America.” Facebook and similar companies dominate.
Chuck Lampe, 44, an independent publisher in Florida, has been taking shots of Botox deep into the muscles of his legs for 10 years to lessen the discomfort of a genetic disorder called torsion dystonia, an extreme and long-lasting version of the condition commonly called “writer's cramp.”
Then his 27-year-old grandson, Matt Jost, struggles with a large flywheel to start the tractor.
Don't jump, Tom.
We don't know how things are going to turn out.
Tom jumped to his death from the twenty-third story.
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything," said Mark Twain.
The dog farted.
Sure. Blame it on the dog.
All Jews are messianic, but no Jews are Christian.
Karl Marx wasn't a Marxist.
Jesus wasn't a Christian.
Don't care; didn't ask.
Remember to grab your headphones.
There's a new episode out.
I think that parents need to be honest with themselves first about recognizing that often they want to control and badger and nag and preach at and scold and sort of beat the kid into line.
We're not like him.
We're not like her.
The bank's actions seemed to assure investors about the soundness of the governmental bonds.
You don't have to say it like that.
Mounted on the wind vane support is an anemometer, an instrument for measuring the velocity of the wind.
It's good to visit each other, before we have to kiss the tombstone.
That person turned out to be a right-wing provocateur.
A linear system would not be able to discover cracks forming around the rivet holes, because a hole would create one big echo.
Thanks for doing your part.
You're a pretty creative guy.
FM, or frequency modulation, radio stations have been in operation since the 1950s.
Paleontologist Torrey Nyborg is helping with the digitization process by going through drawers filled with fossil crabs and making sure they are identified properly before the specimens are entered into a database at the National History Museum of Los Angeles County.
Headdresses and earrings, brooches and belts, necklaces and rings, old and new, traditional and provocative, jewelry never cease to surprise and amaze.
Kraus says it appears the musically-trained individuals had developed auditory skills apart from just being able to hear quieter sounds.
In the US capital, restaurants and bars are actively raising funds to help.
Are eukaryotes really just a branch of archaea?
Putin intends to use a dirty bomb on Ukraine.
Tom? Tom Jackson? Is it really you?
I don't think you understand what the Big Bang is.
What's guano?
That was such a good show.
Should Tom Jackson resign?
Tom Jackson must step down.
Tom must be turning over in his grave.
Tom wants to see his students succeed.
Tom is a multifaceted player.
Tom said it was a complex and multifaceted problem.
The vending machine ate my money.
When you don't moderate, you just end up with a bunch of Nazis spamming your site and everyone else being turned off.
Get back in bed.
The waiter screwed up my order.
I should have suspected as much.
You don't look a day over 30.
Tom didn't tell Mary about his previous two marriages.
But the lake's shrinkage is not just a reflection of drier weather and increased water use.
As COVID-19 travel restrictions are lifted, cultural events, like the Intercultural Circus Festival of Abidjan, are returning.
A seaside aqua fitness workout isn’t just about exercise, water, sun and sea breezes.
The nuclear issue obviously is a pretty big issue which could put an enormous spanner in the works.
Issues that affect our lives and global stability are debated in a free-wheeling, unscripted discussion of fact and opinion.
The advert on an elevator door at Washington’s Dulles airport read: “Say hi and smile at your fellow travelers. It’s good for everyone.”
But their laughter is a way to socially bond with each other and is based on a primitive reflex similar to tickling.
But construction companies in other regions use bamboo mostly in engineered form, as plywood and other laminated byproducts.
It is always the well-digger who is the most thirsty.
Why are all the screens missing from our faucets?
As if in reply, the animal raised his long ears and pointed them at his interlocutor.
A dynamometer is a device that measures an engine’s power and torque.
Geese are obnoxious assholes and I love it.
Tom, did anyone ever tell you you're obnoxious?
I need a little bit of personal space.
"What are you, Tom, 40?" "How dare you! I'm 37."
That's the sort of thing Tom would say.
That's not the sort of thing Tom would say.
The existing stores can be stretched by dilution, and a drug company has discovered millions more doses in storage.
The U.S. space agency NASA has successfully tested the Orion spacecraft's launch abort system, designed to save crew members should an emergency occur during a launch.
Tom wouldn't say that sort of thing.
Some testers report a little bit of "grassy" flavor from what turned out to be the vegetarian-fed trout fillet.
While some factories were compensating for the staffing cuts by speeding up the production process, he estimated that typical daily production numbers were still down 20% to 30%.
Tom doesn't use Twitter anymore.
The International Campaign to Ban Landmines is urging people all over the world to roll up their pant leg Wednesday in a show of solidarity for victims of these weapons.
You probably read about this elsewhere, but we’d be remiss if we were to omit mention of the two ISS resupply missions launched yesterday… one successful while the other crashed and burned, or perhaps more accurately, burned and crashed.
The official leading the Philippines’ vaccine procurement efforts urged his compatriots to get the first vaccine that becomes available.
At that meeting, Kim promised to work toward a denuclearized Korean Peninsula and to move North Korea's clocks ahead by 30 minutes to correspond with the South Korean time zone, a pledge he fulfilled Saturday.
North Kivu province Military Governor Constant Ndima Kongba announced the mandatory evacuation of 10 neighborhoods in the city after seismic and ground deformation data indicated the presence of magma under Goma, extending under adjacent Lake Kivu.
The coronavirus pandemic has forced small businesses around the world to come up with new ways to cope with the new reality — including using technology to stay afloat.
How would a space elevator be maintained?
Could carbon nanotubes be used to make a cable for a space elevator?
Could graphene be used to make a cable for a space elevator?
I drew a caricature of Tom.
Tom drew a caricature of Mary.
White supremacism: for when you have nothing else to be proud of.
In British English, "shall" is used in the first person while "will" is used in the second and third persons. But for emphasis, these can be switched.
Nowadays this distinction is becoming more and more blurred.
Tom's speech was full of scathing sarcasm.
Predictably, after Elon Musk's takeover, Twitter was flooded with Nazi spam.
Elon Musk invented Twitter.
Stalin recriminalized homosexuality and called gay men "pederasts," similar to the modern Republican slur "groomer."
Neo-Stalinists who are gay or Jewish don't know their own history.
A team of archeologists has unearthed a city buried under the sands of Egypt that has lain “untouched for thousands of years, left by the ancient residents as if it were yesterday,” the team said in a statement Thursday.
For the first time in 80 years, India is planning a detailed survey of religious and caste affiliation.
But a new phone app may be able to help diagnose any potential problems on the field.
Some 400 years ago, English explorer Captain John Smith traveled around the Chesapeake Bay in the eastern United States, the country's largest estuary.
Since the 1800s, scientists have marveled at how spiders can take flight using their webbing.
The authors, whose firms are based in the Netherlands and Britain, said robotics plays an outsized role in boosting worker productivity and economic growth worldwide.
Stalin killed the members of the Jewish Antifascist Committee.
Stalin made up a plot against him by Jewish doctors and used it as a pretext for antisemitic persecution.
One of Stalin's antisemitic campaigns used the dysphemism "rootless cosmopolitans" for Jews.
Williams was so happy after her victory that she jumped in the air, and then performed a little jig at the side of the court.
After the crash, Mr. Smith quickly fled the scene and attempted suicide at his home by slitting his wrists and shooting himself with a pellet gun.
Just admit you're right-wing, Tom.
Cookie is purring loudly.
Wild animals belong in the wild.
Much to the contrary, she says that people in the countryside or in the townships often moan the lack of facilities for their children to learn English and thus get a shot at a good job and a better life.
You misunderstand me.
Despite several setbacks, authors of the Landmine Monitor proclaim the 1999 landmine treaty an ongoing success.
Tom got back together with his ex.
That helmet saved your life.
Your luck just ran out.
Payment must be made in advance.
That thing's ginormous!
This isn't the first time Tom has skipped class.
Hurry up, or we're leaving without you.
That guy's following us.
Do you have your receipt?
We're having an engagement party.
I don't believe in psychics.
My phone was on silent.
I didn't see your text until just now.
Tom was supposed to pick me up an hour ago.
I'm strapped for cash at the moment.
I'm living paycheck to paycheck.
I'm waiting for payday.
It is a Bengali custom that ladies, especially young ladies, must always wear their jewellery, even when travelling.
In the Nigerian city of Maiduguri, the popular incense kaaji is a cherished, local tradition.
In 2014, Wilkinson appeared in an anti-discrimination advert sponsored by the Australian Football League, the AFL in which he spoke of the abuse he had suffered on the field.
The Human Rights Report also states that "the regime continued to abridge the right of citizens to change their government and committed other severe human rights abuses."
A massive, fast-growing black hole, more luminous than previously discovered phenomena, has been discovered by an international team led by astronomers in Australia.
Scientists say that the reddish hue of Mars surface is the result of oxidized iron—rust.
Cameroon’s Duga Titanji — a highly respected barrister and solicitor — is a member of the Human Rights Commission of the Cameroon Bar Association.
In Bethlehem, which braced for a rare snowstorm, Syria's Orthodox archbishop joined his Greek and Coptic Orthodox counterparts for religious services at the Church of the Nativity in Manger Square.
A slab of concrete underlies nearly every permanent structure on Earth.
His tomb represents the obituary of a race that at one time, at the turn of the 20th century, numbered 3,000 animals.
What will the world look like in the year 2300?
This is my favorite show.
I'm actually not brave.
I'm going to need a source for that.
Don't hold back. Tell me what you really think.
Tom's got issues.
That file is off-limits.
Are there any cool caves around here?
Tom lost his vision in his third eye.
Tom turns into a wolf at every full moon.
It's a bit much.
Tom is a warlock and Mary is a witch.
We brought Tom back to life, but now he has an unquenchable thirst for blood.
Tom turned into a bat and flew away.
It was clear now that Tom was a vampire.
Tom dressed up as a robot for Halloween.
"You'll never guess who I ran into," said Tom. "Mary!" "But Tom," said John, "Mary's been dead for three years."
Your blood will be perfect for the ritual.
Tom died fighting the alien infestation.
It hasn't escaped me that Tom has a Boston accent, despite claiming to be Canadian.
India plays cricket.
India is playing cricket.
Cricket is being played in India.
Is India playing cricket?
The cricket match must be won by South Africa by six runs.
South Africa just need six runs to win the cricket match.
Playing cricket requires a bat and a ball.
The eighth men's T20 world cup is being played in Australia.
Fagun plays cricket.
Sagun doesn't like cricket.
Sagen likes to watch cricket on his smartphone.
Wow, Tom! You made this?
I think about you every time I listen to this song.
Tom's parents keep asking him to get a job.
Tom heard what sounded like a bear outside his tent.
Tom was home all alone.
That's going to be my Halloween costume.
The midnight showing is sold out.
I have a big problem here.
I suggest you go to bed earlier.
I don't go to the gym.
Satanism is at least four completely separate religions.
There was a large babyhouse, beautifully furnished; there were many dolls of various sizes, and little chests and trunks full of nicely made clothes for them to wear—night-clothes, morning wrappers, gay silks and lovely white dresses, bonnets and hats, shoes and stockings too, and ribbons and laces, for the lady dolls; and for the gentlemen, coats, hats, vests, cravats and everything that real grown-up men wear; and for the baby dolls there were many suits of beautiful baby clothes; and all made so that they could be easily taken off and put on again.
Now, a recent safety upgrade has accidentally turned the bridge into a giant ambient music generator.
The sun spat out a more than 804,672-km-long filament of solar material that had been hovering in the sun’s corona.
Startled by the intense beam he produced when he rigged the diode to his bike generator, he recalls saying to his partner that a child could read by the light of a single diode.
Researchers who have gathered documented evidence to support their new theory said that one reason Earth has stayed livable is because of the various geologic cycles it’s gone through over millions of years and continues to undergo today.
He set his near-empty drink—a Bacardi martini—on the mantel and waddled out of the room toward the basement.
Why is it that you love Tom?
The U.N. refugee agency has launched a nationwide biometric verification system in Uganda to make sure data gathered about refugees and asylum seekers is accurate.
It's not too short, is it?
Germany is the first country to qualify for the 2022 FIFA World Cup football tournament in Qatar after booking its place with a 4-0 win against host North Macedonia.
Brides and others in search of elegant personal protective equipment (PPE) are snatching up the Indonesian-born designer’s creations to protect against the coronavirus.
So far, ESA is considering the use of a robotic arm, a harpoon, an ion beam, and now perhaps this newly tested fishing net method.
This collage of images from NASA's Cassini spacecraft shows Saturn's northern hemisphere and rings as viewed with four different spectral filters.
The evil spirits are out in full force.
Today we will be learning to reanimate a corpse.
I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but Tom has become a zombie.
Tom has been replaced by a killer android.
Tom emerged from the grave.
Tom's hand popped out of his grave.
Tom is a powerful sorcerer.
The golem wreaked havoc on the village.
"I heard you were from Canadia." "It's Canada."
Tom is a classic tsundere type.
Calling them “silver tongued pundits,” Kenner says their job is to simplify and manipulate arcane scientific data for public consumption.
How spooky!
The easiest way to get to the island is by taking a ferry.
After being a lifter for 15 years, he decided he wanted to do something else, so he took over coaching Iran's junior team from 2005 to 2007.
The exhibit is organized chronologically to show the artist's evolution into abstraction starting in the 1920s.
The people of ancient Babylonia and Persia began their new year on March twenty-first, the first day of spring.
In the first half of the 20th century, the canvas was covered with protective varnish that over the course of decades caused discoloration.
He "medicates" several times a day with a marijuana vaporizer.
Many Haitians are still suffering from the aftermath of a devastating earthquake in 2010 and Hurricane Matthew, which struck the country last month.
I don't actually need your help.
I feel numb.
Thanks for being there for me.
I'd do it again if I had the chance.
This party's going to suck.
Want to tag along?
I need to write a paper on the topic.
I've got midterms.
I've got finals.
Tom is all by his lonesome.
I've been having a blast.
Apollo 11 astronauts set up the first reflector when they made the first manned flight to the moon nearly 40 years ago.
Researchers noted aspirin reduces inflammation, which plays a role in the initiation of disease. They also said the painkiller is a mild aromatase inhibitor. Aromatase inhibitors reduce the amount of the female hormone estrogen circulating in the bloodstream, which fuels breast tumors, so they are used to treat some forms of breast cancer in post-menopausal women.
Kelly Murphy, owner of a local nutrition store, has gotten to know Paulin, who comes in regularly to get his favorite smoothie.
The devoted jockey rode in three races over the weekend, and his best result was a second-place finish on Friday, the first day of the season.
Each arm of the eyeglass frame has an array of four tiny directional microphones.
In March, Busan launched a mobility service called Dagachi Naranhi, or Side By Side, that uses GPS technology to provide localized directional information inside one of its metro stations via a smartphone app.
In actuality, he has hemophilia, a disease that prevents blood from clotting naturally so small cuts can become massive injuries with prolonged bleeding.
How good are these trucks powered by Eaton diesel engines and electric motors in tandem?
On a barge, floating on a river, a variety of crops are being nurtured.
A group of scientists at Bristol University, led by senior lecturer Anthony Croxford, discovered that sending hundreds of different ultrasonic waves into a structure, and then listening and analyzing their echoes can be used to detect the tiniest cracks.
The visitors are settled into comfortable couches and handed large cups of cappuccino as they wait.
Paleontologists at Ohio University studied CT scans of the skulls of ankylosaurs — huge armor-plated dinosaurs.
In order to hold on to information, she says the neurons have to excite each other through network connections.
After a week in Bir town, he went to a homestay in Pulga village where his workstation was often a bench under a fruit-laden tree.
The companies are working on a mobile network and robotic vehicles that are part of a private expedition to the moon, timed to coincide with the 50th anniversary year of the first manned lunar landing.
Researchers have discovered an abnormality in a gene that they have strongly linked to the development of inherited colon cancer, which may account for up to 20 percent of cases of colon cancer.
They report that 6 percent of new cases and 35 percent of retreatment cases are drug-resistant to more than one medication.
Sections of East Africa, the Indian Ocean and China will witness an annular eclipse, in which the moon passes directly in front of the sun but leaves a ring of sunlight flaring around its edge.
They thought spiders might sense and use electrostatic fields in the air.
Recently, U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration scientists strapped a transmitter on one of the sea turtles and were amazed by what they found.
We must learn to wish, above all things, to see the babies grow up since there is no condition (for any creature not a baby) more revolting than babyishness, just as there is no state more humiliating (for any but a child) than childishness.
A full solar eclipse passed over Africa on Sunday, briefly darkening skies as it moved across the continent.
Researchers have found that human influenza is common in tropical and sub-tropical countries, but is often mis-diagnosed.
Tap the “A” button to add a blue filter and invert colors so light becomes dark and dark becomes light.
The number of people around the world with peripheral artery disease, or PAD, has risen dramatically — by almost 25 percent — in just 10 years — according to a new study in the Lancet medical journal.
The silver tier certification is given to countries that have lowered the mother-to-child HIV transmission rate to under five percent and provided prenatal care and anti-retroviral treatment to more than 90 percent of pregnant women.
Why, without her, society would fall into a state of indolence and degradation, even of utter abjection.
The American soldier was said to be like galvanized iron, a material produced for special strength.
A little-known U.S. anti-money laundering law is costing international travelers millions of dollars a year, raising concerns of civil liberties’ advocates that many innocent people are unwittingly being swept up by a statute designed to catch criminals.
"Most of us have been experiencing feelings of gloom and doom in the last few years, but the Bulletin has been well ahead of the curve," noted the editor of The Nonproliferation Review, who is also a senior research associate at the Institute of International Studies.
A COVID-19 outbreak in Australia is worsening according to official figures released Saturday, while state authorities in New South Wales now concede they may have to abandon the long-held policy of trying to eliminate the virus as delta variant infections surge in Sydney.
The study found that those who had learned the language with the immersion method had brain waves similar to those of native speakers of a language when speaking that language.
The driver side dashboard is all but removed in the new model, in favor of a central touchscreen that handles everything from music to directions.
Still, Sergeant Turner’s show, broadcast from his teaching kitchen at Fort Lee, Virginia, has its military cadence, although peppered with more humor than your average drill sergeant.
Telescopes are not yet powerful enough to see planets orbiting distant stars, so astronomers must infer their presence.
The rat- and flea-borne illness hits the island nation every year from about December to April.
More than 100 years after alternating current (AC) defeated direct current (DC) in the so-called Battle of Currents and became the standard way electricity was delivered, new technologies have opened up the possibility and even the necessity for the two systems to co-exist.
However, a number of factors — some completely out of the Democrats’ control — have combined to boost the party’s public support, raise Biden’s abysmal poll numbers and create a sense of momentum for the party that was absent during much of the past year.
Over the years, the Moon has fallen into a synchronous orbit with Earth.
Additionally, she said financial systems must be reformed so they can bankroll the required transformations.
Cojoc's technique involves taking a one-second video of a red blood cell, while shining a tinted light through it.
Tom is out of gas.
Within as little as three years, automakers may be required to equip all new cars with the so-called ‘vehicle-to-vehicle’ communication devices.
I don't know what we're doing.
An experiment on obese rats found that consuming probiotics for 30 days helps diminish the accumulation of fat in the liver.
This was supposed to be our special day.
Give me your credit card.
What's your credit card number?
Tom's credit score isn't very good.
The Florida researchers say what defines a planet should be based on its own fundamental properties, rather than variables such as the dynamics of its orbit.
I can't believe we're finally getting married.
I shouldn't have disregarded your feelings.
Tom promised he would change.
So with this particular colorant we were able to get deeper, cleaner, natural and beautiful colors.
A major U.S. electronic retailer says it wants to help immigrant and underprivileged teens gain the technology skills they'll need for the job market.
Ten years ago, the World Health Organization adopted the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control to try to snuff out the use of cigarettes and other tobacco products.
After the girder's placement, shuttle crewmen Rex Walheim and Steve Smith ventured outside the station to unfasten temporary latches and begin the process of bolting the section firmly into place and making some of its power and cooling connections.
According to the paper’s lead author, Kaitlyn Gaynor, of Berkeley, animals throughout the world responded strongly to all types of human disturbance, even when people weren’t posing a direct threat.
California’s state Board of Equalization estimated the tampon tax repeal would have cost $20 million in 2016.
I need to buy some butter knives.
This butter knife has a serrated edge.
Try to see the humor in everything.
I'm the only one who has a key to my apartment.
This is the first time I've run into a situation like this.
That's no joking matter.
That's nothing to joke about.
Our country is in shambles.
Everything's falling apart.
Saint Catherine's Monastery is the repository of some of the world's oldest icons and illuminated manuscripts.
Thailand is in a weed frenzy after the government recently made it legal to grow and possess cannabis with some limits.
South Korea’s second largest city is using new, inclusive technology to bring down barriers to mobility for people who are blind.
I've never been able to live that down.
President Joe Biden toured the aftermath of a deadly tornado strike that rampaged through the middle of the United States, doing the most damage in the state of Kentucky.
Hidden in the canopy of the tropical rainforest is the secret to its evolution.
Wheeler says the largest species on the list is an antelope that was first discovered being sold as bush meat in a West African market.
Be that as it may, I do not vouch for the fact, but merely advert to it, for the sake of being precise and authentic.
"There is no one to whom we can attribute malice or ill motives," the report, released Sunday, says.
But it also was a sign of something bigger: locals and foreigners are now looking beyond Vietnam’s biggest cities and finding potential in second-tier locales.
The so-called Rome Statute establishing The Hague-based court was adopted in the Italian capital on July 17, 1998.
Algal overload is common in waterways worldwide caused by fertilizer runoff and poor sewage management.
Monsters and superheroes are framed by spectacular special effects on IMAX screens, and the industry's big stars flex their muscles, figuratively and literally.
Here is a nice composite picture of the Whirlpool Galaxy (M51a) in the Canes Venatici constellation.
Another study by the University of Basel also finds dry weather and heat are inflicting long-term damage on European forests, especially pine and beech trees.
The GNH Commission secretary says the Gross National Happiness paradigm offers an alternative approach to development.
Host Carol Castiel speaks with Jennifer Kavanaugh, senior political scientist at the RAND Corporation, about the phenomenon of “truth decay” — a diminishing reliance on facts and analysis in American public life as well as the insidious spread of disinformation which threatens to undermine democracy.
Some say hundreds of people drowned in the deluge because they would not abandon their pets.
These early hominids hunted for food, cooked meat over fires and crafted a sophisticated array of flint tools.
How's dinner coming along?
The new elements also provide a certain symmetry to the periodic table, filling out the seventh row of the chart.
“Hawkins,” I said, solemnly, “far be it from me to disparage your work; but I recall most distinctly the Hawkins Aero-motor, which moted you to the top of that maple tree and dropped you on my devoted head.”
It makes more sense than you'd think.
Bisphenol A — or BPA — is a common chemical used to make tough, shatter-resistant plastic.
While immigrants to the United States often remember and cherish the country of their origin, passing on an appreciation of their native heritage to their children is not always an easy matter.
Both BAL teams looked very strong on Tuesday when they routed their opponents in Cairo.
Kickoff is just around the corner for Super Bowl LI.
To cope with the overflow, humanitarian workers are helping to erect tents at the hospitals in Limbe and Buea.
Once the asteroids are spotted and their orbits determined, an earthbound asteroid can be nudged slightly off course with a satellite deflector or a high velocity projectile, or blown up with nuclear weapons, causing it to miss its deadly rendezvous.
I don't have anyone particular in mind.
Building upon research by Roger Shepard and Jean-Claude Risset, Deutsch found a way to build a "staircase" of musical tones that seems to both go up without end, and just like in Escher's illusion, they appear to never go up to another octave.
In Prey Lang, for example, deforestation means indigenous collectors can no longer tap chboh trees for resin, an essential ingredient in varnish, sealing wax for waterproofing boats, waterproofing products, and torches for lighting houses in the village.
Mervis says his music club wasn’t designed as such but was conceived as an “addendum” to an adjoining grill house.
At noon local time, millions of people held a moment of silence to reflect and mourn with families who have lost relatives to violence, terrorism and crime.
While that's true in the general sense, it does not apply in this instance.
Midwesterners are kind.
People from Massachusetts are assholes.
It's possible to rape a sex worker.
Kind isn't the same as nice.
Remember to end every sentence with an appropriate punctuation mark.
A linguistic corpus that becomes a vehicle for Nazi ideology is no longer a linguistic corpus, but a Nazi corpus.
The prevalence of sentences with the names "Tom" and "Mary" makes both a political statement and a religious one.
You see a word like "thereto" or "thereof" in English and you're probably reading a legal document. In other Germanic languages, they're everyday words.
I rented a tux for a wedding.
I rented a tux for prom.
I need to get fitted for a tux.
We both really want you to be there.
The bride's family is paying for the wedding.
Who's paying for the wedding?
We didn't have a church wedding.
Who's footing the bill?
Don't you think it's a bit early to be talking about getting married? I mean, you guys just started dating.
Science is good at explaining the "how," but not so good at explaining the "why."
The quote sparked a discussion.
Take a picture; it'll last longer.
"Why should we tell the truth about Tom, when he doesn't tell the truth about us?" "Because it's the truth."
There was no convincing him.
The sentences I write don't necessarily reflect my actual thoughts or opinions.
No one has been able to crack the code.
You're setting a terrible example for your children.
The defendant was found fit to stand trial.
The sales pitch didn't go well.
You weren't prepared for the questions we asked.
You've been warned more than once before.
This isn't your first warning.
I'm afraid I can't let you off the hook this time.
Why did I fall on you?
I mean, why did I fall at all?
You hear me?
Swear to God, it sloughs brain cells.
You mean that "load" of passengers?
So what, we should both go down too? Out of sheer fucking nobility?
That's a clever trick, but it won't work on me.
Don't touch that switch!
I'm not dying for them.
You still got 70 seconds to level this beast out!
What the shit was that?
One chance and you blew it.
Never cease to disappoint me.
We can work out the details as we go.
I don't feel like I'm being used.
Kenya is embarking on a pilot program to overhaul its education system.
Senegal's Saloum Delta region is an egregious example of how rising sea levels caused by global warming endanger coastal communities around the world.
Three new studies co-authored by Mike Russell, a research scientist in planetary chemistry and astrobiology at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, strengthen the theory that life on Earth began at alkaline thermal vents at the bottom of the ocean.
The latest Hong Kong summer blockbuster is not about kung fu fighters, triads or Canto-pop love interests.
The Babylonians thought the Milky Way was the tail of their goddess Tiamat.
IdaBot is a robot that looks like a tank without a turret, armed not with guns, but with cameras and radio frequency sensors.
However, Tutu was able, in the end, to fulfil her godfather’s wish.
Known as blockchain, this technology is a public digital ledger that keeps a running tally of all cryptocurrency transactions within a distributed network of computers.
The animals in question are members of an order called Perissodactyla or odd-toed ungulates because they happen to have an odd number of toes on their rear feet.
The yellow breasted capuchin monkey (S. xanthosternos) at Una Biological Reserve in Bahia, Brazil, is a critically-endangered primate targeted by hunters for bush meat.
Tom killed Jesus.
By "here" I meant Australia.
Let's smoke a bowl first.
Tom is behind all of the world's problems.
We need to break Cookie's habit of constantly meowing for attention.
Why do dogs bark so much more than wolves do?
Wolves are noble creatures.
Coyotes aren't nasty.
Don't try to befriend a bear.
There's a groundhog over there to the right.
Tom is a settler living on stolen Massachusett land.
It's 4:20.
Midwesterners are naive.
Midwesterners live on farms.
Gentrification is a process carried out by landlords and developers, not by tenants.
Time is cyclical.
That's just a meme, not a rigorous study.
"The Internet was so innocent back then, wasn't it?" "No, it wasn't."
Do you like cranberry juice?
I bought unsweetened cranberry juice.
I've never filed a lawsuit.
I've never filed a lawsuit before.
The cruel wizard turned the young boy into a turnip.
I broke my shin.
You accuse me of impropriety?
GamerGate and its descendants were and are everything that reactionaries claim "cancel culture" is.
Unlike GamerGate and its descendants, "cancel culture" has never led to someone being bludgeoned half to death with a hammer.
Kiwifarms is everything reactionaries claim "cancel culture" is and more.
At least for Indo-European language speakers, Yiddish is easier than Hebrew.
The actor Kirk Douglas was dishing up plates of food, as he does here every Thanksgiving.
Trump killed Epstein.
Scientists are helping to combat the world hunger crisis by breeding nutrient-packed crops that will fill stomachs and lessen the effects of malnutrition.
Some people have abnormally fast heartbeats, sometimes as fast as 400 beats per minute.
The strategy update calls for vaccinating 100% of health care workers and 100% of the highest-risk populations, such as the elderly and those with underlying health conditions.
Jews do not actively seek out converts, and even attempt to dissuade potential converts.
To prevent road rage, assume there will always be assholes on the road.
The Republican Party's culture of terror was resoundingly rejected on Tuesday.
Tom's voice is strident.
I don't like their music; I find the singer's voice strident.
"Their music is strident and grating." "The word is 'dissonant.'"
Are you tired of having to scrounge for money?
Tom lived a year on the street, scrounging for food.
That server has high latency.
Marriage is not proscribed for rabbis; it's prescribed.
The young man is concerned, however, that as a result of the terrorist attack Americans might begin to look askance at all Middle Easteners.
Whoa.
Anti-abortion laws are deeply unpopular in the United States.
They're just doing it for Internet points.
26 percent of American Jews have difficulty paying bills; this includes 55 percent of those making under $50,000 per year.
American Jews experience poverty at roughly the same rate as other Americans.
Seven percent of American Jewish households earn less than $15,000 per year.
There's so much BS about AI.
100 kilometers above sea level is space.
Tom speaks Peggy Hill Spanish.
Despite their many cultural differences, humans and cats are able to coexist relatively peacefully.
Jews have no central authority.
Lions greet members of their pride by bunting.
Individual Jews do both good and bad things, just as individual non-Jews do.
Antisemites will take a leftist Jew saying, "There should be no borders," and a right-wing Jew saying, "Israel needs to defend its borders," and misrepresent them both as part of the same united effort with the same goals.
Non-Jews are allowed to vary greatly in opinion; for Jews, our diversity of opinions and politics is used against us and assigned nefarious intentions.
Ron DeSantis lures desperate asylum seekers onto buses with false promises and ships them across the country for a political stunt.
The Republican Party decided in 2017 that asylum seekers were "illegal immigrants," despite this not being congruent with any known law.
That's most of what I wanted to say.
On Tuesday, she became the first Black woman, the first American and the first professional entertainer to enter the Pantheon, reserved as the final resting place for just dozens of France’s greatest, including Victor Hugo, Voltaire, and Marie Curie.
Venetians were woken up at dawn Friday to the wailing of flood sirens and the lapping of water as the already-deluged Italian city was struck by a new tidal surge, further damaging ancient monuments, palaces and churches and striking fear into residents.
Antisemitic conspiracy theories rely on the myth of Jewish unity.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton says "steadiness" is the most important characteristic a president must have.
I have attended many previews in my life, but never have I seen anything like the enthusiasm with which “The Kid” was greeted by these distinguished people of pen and screen and stage.
African countries voluntarily accede to the APRM with the hope of enhancing progress in governance, democracy, and economic development.
Antimony compounds are the main therapy against all leishmaniasis, including the often fatal version called kala-azar that attacks organs.
Since we don't blink when we sleep, we find secretions called sleep crusts in the morning.
The high school she attends offers students what is known as an "International Baccalaureate Program."
It is uneven.
The level is uneven.
The report also said mining for polymetallic nodules, potato-sized lumps found in the seabed that contain metals used in battery manufacturing and high-tech industries, would cause “essentially irreversible damage” to the region, including Kiribati the Cook Islands, Nauru, Tonga, Papua New Guinea and Tuvalu.
You could see the calmness, you could see the cleanness at the polling stations, you could see people are celebrating.
In El Salvador, climate change is stressing the country's mangrove forests.
While the cameras were malfunctioning, someone had stolen her prized golden tissue box.
Despite everything she put us through, I think we should forgive her.
But the Japanese also relish pizzas topped with corn or squid, hamburgers smothered in mayonnaise and wasabi, or chowder brimming with tofu — that is to say, fermented soybean curd.
In the aftermath of the twin disasters, the government is struggling to ensure basic necessities for the affected population.
Learn how a robotic sloth is providing a canopy level view of the rainforest and the advantages of having a slowness in everyday life.
Prime Minister Ardern imposed the highest tier, level 4, in late March, shutting down all economic activity except for essential services, as the outbreak took hold in the Pacific nation of five million people.
U.N. economists warn the monetary and fiscal policies of advanced economies risk plunging the world into a recession worse than the financial crisis of 2008.
“The statute would describe the structure and the composition of the court and the appointment procedure for the court staff,” Deng told VOA's South Sudan in Focus.
I wandered lonely as a cloud that floats on high over vales and hills, when all at once I saw a crowd, a host, of golden daffodils.
The cranberry is one of the few fruits that's native to North America.
The area is a gyre, essentially a big whirlpool that traps and swirls the debris which, unlike other types of trash in the ocean, never bio-degrades.
The cottage was one of a small lonely cluster standing on the edge of an enormous beech wood.
The researchers named the prehistoric animal Obdurodon, Greek for “lasting (obdurate) tooth,” because its teeth are unlike today’s platypus species.
Wiley Post began to study everything he could find about flying. He began to educate himself about subjects such as mathematics, radio and machinery. His self-education would continue the rest of his life.
Okay, this is epic.
Do you know we're the greatest country in the United States?
What a cute pupper!
Capitalism doesn't make things; workers do.
Rochel goes to my shul.
Ruchel is a Polish Jew.
Rochel is a Lithuanian Jew.
Anna is Polish.
Lina is Lithuanian.
The mailman hates the comedian.
I know the guy who owns that place.
Did you see any chameleons while you were there?
I think he was probably just lying compulsively as usual.
Would you be interested in this project?
If it doesn't involve the physical near-extermination of a people carried out in a small number of years, it's not really comparable to the Holocaust.
My dad could beat up your dad.
Moishe is a Polish Jew.
Meishe is a Lithuanian Jew.
Moshe is a Sephardic Jew.
The terms "Jew," "Hebrew," and "Israelite" were already interchangeable in antiquity.
"Are crustaceans just sea insects?" "No, insects are land crustaceans."
Those wishing to convert to Judaism are customarily refused three times before being allowed to start the process.
The absence of proselytization is one factor contributing to the small number of Jews in the world.
The BMJ editorial describes oppression against women and girls as a great injustice that is insidious, systematic and widespread.
There is a person Gavius, who, after I had offered him a post as prefect at Brutus’ request, said and did a good deal to disparage me.
“And now,” said Major Doyle, rubbing his hands together as he half reclined in his big chair in a corner of the sitting room, “now we shall enjoy a nice cosy winter in dear New York.”
But many at home are ecstatic as local markets become flooded with the king of fruits, sending prices plummeting.
The madman admires from afar the fire he has lit.
Canine rabies kills tens of thousands of people every year and costs economies billions of dollars.
Americans are tired of Republicans' constant histrionics.
Causes of epilepsy include injury around the time of birth, brain infections from illnesses such meningitis or encephalitis and stroke.
The influencer was offered a beefy sum to defend Elon Musk on Twitter.
Would you rather have a job you like or a beefy paycheck?
He's a beefy guy with a heart of gold.
You want a burrito?
"This burrito is beefy." "I don't care. I'm a vegan, remember?"
Though it's vegan, it tastes quite beefy.
Dissemble all your griefs and discontents.
He said it is difficult to imagine a more deliberate and contemptuous response to the authority and process of the court than displayed by the justice minister.
We hope the process will be as expeditious as possible.
Venal offices were government positions sold by the French state during the Ancien Régime.
Curators say the display gives visitors an opportunity to look at the real stories of espionage ‘behind the gloss of make-believe.’
I don't have time to deal with chumps like you.
American tourists returning home will be permitted to bring up to 100 cigars and several bottles of rum.
There's a problem with the water filtration system.
A lot of people are turned off by the vehemence with which he pushes his views.
"Anyone who uses pronouns is an idiot." "You just used two pronouns."
That, of course, would effectively preclude the underlying tombs ever being investigated archaeologically.
Cookie took my seat.
There is no archeological evidence for the Hebrew conquest of Canaan; rather, archeology suggests that the Hebrews arose from indigenous Canaanites.
The Bible is not a history book.
Spirituality is often just religion with even less accountability.
I post all my hottest takes here.
He's just an opportunist.
Tom claims to be "spiritual, not religious," but his beliefs suggest that he is simply a Christian.
"We've got almost 420 languages on this site." "Nice."
Don't you think that dress is a little racy?
He often makes racy remarks just for attention.
We'll need to stop by the armory on our way out.
Wanna cuddle?
I don't need drugs to have a good time.
"I love you." "Gay! I love you too."
I have to confess something.
Is pizza a type of pie?
I love pineapple on pizza.
How are things now?
You're not canceled; you literally just hosted SNL.
That scene better win him an Emmy.
"He should win an Oscar for that." "Emmy. It's a TV show."
Teaching a language also means teaching a culture.
Germanic languages are so beautiful.
Impurity is beautiful.
Purity is unnatural.
She hasn't been the same ever since she got that brain chip implanted.
There's about a 70/30 chance I go.
The foreman is a film lover.
At least now you know not to approach stray dogs with food in your hand.
Your bus driver is a great poet; I see him at open mics all the time.
We went to see Shakespeare in the Park.
Cats don't just purr when they're content.
You said it, not me.
"Meow!" "Dang heckin' right, Cookie!"
Why do you say my voice is strident?
Linguistic impurity is beautiful.
Western Yiddish is extinct, but part of it survives in the form of loanwords in Dutch, German, and other languages.
Tom got arrested for throwing eggs at King Charles.
The courier is enamored with East Asian cinema.
Those guys are such crybullies.
Betel nuts come from the betel palm.
When you're done grandstanding, we have work to do.
Upon review it looks like I was overcharged for this.
Upon review of the facts, we have concluded that you were correct.
You seem befuddled.
That man over there looking all befuddled is a genius.
I've color-coded the cards for your convenience.
Note that the drawers are color-coded. Here's an explanation of what the colors mean.
They're canvassing for the governor.
His presence cheapened the event.
When you walk your dog, scoop up the poop.
The defense attorney tried to poke a hole in the witness's story.
The buckeye is the state tree of Ohio.
The voiced retroflex flap appears as a phoneme in Bengali.
The gig economy is slowly, but relatively quickly, turning every job into a so-called "side hustle."
I'm the most humble person in history.
We've got to come up with a solution.
A year after he was killed, he arose from the grave.
Elephants have funerals.
Elephants are among the most intelligent animals.
I don't actively check sentences most of the time anymore, as a few malicious people's personal attacks burned me out on the task. Lack of moderation leads to lower quality sentences.
Lack of moderation creates a hostile environment in which it is less possible to carry out a project's main purpose.
But the data show that with the exception of Antarctica, that natural cooling tapered off at the end of the 19th century, coinciding with the onset of industrialization and the resulting increase in greenhouse gas emissions.
She could be drowning in foxes and still claim there's not enough of them.
The New York research team was able to send the Cas9 enzyme to locate and destroy a target within a particular strain of a harmful bacteria by engineering the CRISPR spacer sequences so that it matched the “bad microbe’s” genes.
The high commissioner’s spokeswoman said the government had shown some willingness to initiate reforms.
For years, robots have helped doctors perform operations with greater safety, speed and exactness than by using hand-controlled instruments.
The two most common adverbial structures you will find are adverbs and prepositional phrases.
In the open-to-all casino areas, the visitors would play baccarat and poker alongside handfuls of tourists from other parts of the world, usually elsewhere in Asia.
The chemicals are designed to irritate the mucous membranes of the eyes, nose and throat.
The procedure is called catheter ablation because it burns off a small amount of heart muscle.
Doctors who accepted multiple free meals were three times more likely to prescribe name brand medicine.
During a recent television debate, he was forced to deny meeting with an unlicensed religious medical practitioner who specializes in anal acupuncture.
My views on the matter have softened over the years.
I didn't take you for a romantic.
She came forth to forfeit her fourth-place medal.
Using a flock of Northern Bald Ibises, Portugal and his team attached small devices to the back of each bird — a GPS navigation device and an accelerometer, to track wing movements.
In 2015, an estimated 300,000 itinerant miners were scavenging for jade here, a recent state media article said.
A hate crime is defined by the FBI as a "criminal offense against a person or property motivated in whole or in part by an offender’s bias against a race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, ethnicity, gender, or gender identity."
All liquids when heated give off vapour, the amount increasing as the temperature rises.
This Anglo-Teutonic, castellated, gothized structure must be considered as an abortive production, at once illustrative of bad taste and defective judgment.
For the first time, some labor unions say they will stop demanding wage hikes related to seniority so that more workers can keep their jobs.
There’s a lot of wild, open space between military installations in Alaska.
The dark oily substance slowly seeps into a row of bathtubs as patients undress and prepare to submerge up to their shoulders.
It is unclear whether he will sign the legislation or veto it, risking a congressional vote to override a veto.
She said he "ably" led responses to the Ebola and refugee crises and has been pushing needed reforms at the World Bank.
Sorry, I need to be alone with my thoughts for a while.
We can learn from the past.
Of course conspiracies do happen, but that doesn't mean what you're talking about is happening.
There is something wrong: you're having a panic attack. It'll be over in twenty minutes tops.
Of course conspiracies do happen, but what you're talking about is absurd.
The last god died millions of years ago.
I remember how it started.
I borrowed some money.
I borrowed something.
He said the outcome of the parliamentary committee's investigation into the controversial sale of the hotel didn't absolve the former finance minister of any wrongdoing.
After migrating from the Philippines, she cleaned houses, washed dishes and babysat for wealthy families so that she could send money to her own family back home.
Pena, 32, has suffered from tubular sclerosis since childhood and breathes with the aid of an oxygen machine.
Esperanto is like English: it has one real second-person pronoun.
We hope the nightmare will end.
We hope the nightmare will come to an end.
Industrial neighborhoods that included residential shacks and stables, belching smokestacks and a huge gas-storage tank, the city’s most opulent brothel, and a muddy lane called “Louse Alley” — as in the bloodsucking insect — rose just across the Capitol’s reflecting pool.
The men, the law enforcement agency said, aided a “transnational repression” scheme to “silence, harass, discredit and spy on U.S.-based residents for exercising their freedom of speech.”
Saturday's New York Times report said the hackers, who also accessed the State Department's unclassified system, did not appear to have penetrated closely guarded servers that control message traffic from the president's BlackBerry.
All workers should be in one big union to maximize bargaining power.
Spelt is an ancient form of wheat with a nutty flavor which is rich in fiber and minerals and counts among dozens of sometimes ancient and obscure foods scientists say benefit people and the planet.
He says there is now no way they can gage the election's validity or contest the results.
The report stated that despite attending primary and secondary school for several years, students in low- and middle-income countries lacked basic reading, writing and numeric ability.
One element is the part that rotates (the ‘rotor’) and the other is the part that doesn’t move (the ‘stator’).
"How are you feeling today?" "Like death."
I'm sick as a dog.
People with the last name Ashkenazi are usually Sephardi.
I personally killed Jesus.
Boomers used to say, "Don't trust anyone over 30."
Dave Chappelle and Louis CK are proof that "cancel culture" is largely made up.
My mother is Jewish and my father is Polish.
Why is it that you always tell me to hurry up, yet never make it in time yourself?
That vulgar person might accost me again, and I have no time to waste in combat.
Nearly all nations have signed on to the Paris climate agreement, which pledges to keep global warming to less than a global average of 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, and ideally below 1.5 degrees.
At a bar in Johannesburg’s bohemian Melville suburb, a good-looking brunette named Tania sips on a strawberry daiquiri.
The United States has the bald eagle as its national emblem; France, the rooster; India, the peacock; Brazil, the rufous-bellied thrush.
These diseases afflict the poorest and most marginalized communities in the country.
The Scholastic Aptitude Test measures one's mathematical ability and use of the English language.
Once renowned in Asia for its durability and versatility, traditional Korean paper is now produced only in a handful of rural paper mills.
Mr. Obama said the ultimate goal for APEC is to create a "seamless regional economy," saying the U.S. needs to be an aggressive competitor in the region.
The ESA researchers used the compressed air ejector to shoot 20 nets traveling at different speeds toward the satellite model over a two-day period.
He is a professor of Canon Law — or the law of the Catholic Church — at the Catholic University of America here in Washington.
Behind one of the doors is a car, while the other two hide goats.
That's not quite what I had envisioned.
Whoever told you that must've been living under a rock for the last decade.
If I were a giant, I'd live on a big deserted island and eat whales for breakfast.
Adding more parameters to a neural network is often necessary to increase performance, but without a corresponding increase in dataset size, it can easily lead to overfitting.
He charged at him and knocked him out.
I think your master thesis is, as the cool kids say, "hella dope".
In a rare break from the party line, twelve Republican senators voted to codify same-sex marriage rights.
The Inquisition involved medieval torture and killing to force victims of forced conversion to comply with Christian teachings.
My heart is bruised and my liver sick.
If the powerful can convince people they're victims of "cancel culture," they can distract people from what they're doing with their power.
If "cancel culture" was everything it was made out to be then authoritarian leaders would embrace it, not position themselves in opposition to it.
I don't know solfege.
Elon Musk is proof that not everyone with money deserves it.
Hey, nice shoes you're wearing. Are they real Nikes?
Tear gas, rubber bullets, and live ammunition have been used against protesters, in what he described as "heavy-handed suppression."
Here's a screenshot of their store page from a week ago, and here's what it looks like today. They have the exact same prices listed, but the current one claims they're all 50% off. Strange, isn't it?
We tend to think that we, our ape cousins, and other large-brained mammals such as whales and dolphins are the only species capable of cognition, the ability to take in large amounts of information about the world around us and use it to survive.
The International Football Federation (FIFA) says about 4,200 members of the media have been accredited for coverage of the World Cup in Japan and South Korea.
Russia and Eritrea expanded their diplomatic relationship Friday when Moscow announced plans to build a logistics center at a port in the East African country.
So that is what is exciting about the case today, that to our knowledge, for the first time, a kidney tumor has been ablated using high intensity focused ultrasound as monotherapy, without any additional treatment.
The five-minute trip will be to study a global electrical current called the dynamo that sweeps through the ionosphere.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new absorbable suture that breaks down in the body and does not need to be removed.
This time of year, with the sun setting as quick as it is, we have to adjust the azimuth angle of our roof-top instruments daily so they remain in line with the sun and continue to collect accurate data.
Paleontologists in Montana have discovered a new species of horned dinosaur that makes Triceratops — universally considered to be one of the coolest dinosaurs — look boring.
The Kentucky Derby is known as much for drawing crowds of women in large, fancy hats and men in brightly colored clothes as it is for its drink of choice, the mint julep.
Tom got his degree from a diploma mill.
We continue working while strength lasts.
We work as long as we have strength left.
What are you doing outside barefoot in such freezing weather?
What are you doing outside barefoot in such a cold weather?
The connection is very slow. That's why I rarely find anything to glean from you.
She says a sense of exile and longing cast a shadow over her girlhood and accounts for her lifelong devotion to social justice.
Germany is debating how to integrate the more than 1.1 million refugees who arrived in the country in the past 12 months.
Researchers linked to the University of Wisconsin-Madison found that children and adolescents who tested lower on standardized tests had a lower volume of gray matter in their brains than the norm, and their frontal and temporal lobes developed more slowly.
Human and elephant, mouse and porpoise, all have three small bones in their middle ear — the hammer, the anvil, and the stirrup.
Health authorities say the disease has so far hit the Nsanje and Machinga districts in southern Malawi with a cumulative number of cases now reaching 33.
That year the government set up a military task force to dismantle illegal mining sites and imposed a 20-month ban on all small-scale mining to give nature a breather.
One festival was called Saturnalia and honored Saturn, another was called Bacchanalia and honored Bacchus.
The company says the transistors in its next generation of processors will be made using hafnium, a kind of metal, instead of silicon.
The prototype features a translucent color display that’s projected onto the visor in the center of the field of vision and with a voice-controlled interface.
This style of pizza uses tomato sauce and is usually topped with traditional Greek favorites like kalamata olives, artichoke hearts and feta cheese.
We had mac and cheese for lunch.
Is it free and open source?
Esperanto is the Linux of languages.
At some point it's worth asking why our system elevates the people it elevates.
We do not know if it is the sunrise or the sunset.
It is only now that I have seen it.
It is only now that I have seen her.
Better to be alone than in a bad company.
Hunger is better than a bad dinner.
Whoever sows the wind reaps the storm.
Did you decarboxylate it?
Elon Musk's family owned an emerald mining operation in Zambia.
Elon Musk used his inherited apartheid emerald mining money to buy up companies and claim to have "founded" them.
Elon Musk must feel a degree of kinship with Donald Trump, as both are absolute frauds.
You have 30 days left in your 30-day free trial.
Nihonium is the chemical element with atomic number 113.
It's not quite like that, but it's close.
Bananas are phallic.
The lights emit a faint buzzing sound.
The roll of toilet paper hit the ground and began rolling, unraveling along the way.
Like the April presidential elections, these legislative elections have also been marked by high voter abstention.
The cave walls got narrower and narrower.
The seaman had to clean the ship down to the copper bolts.
You know, there are actually too many languages.
One of the wheels on this shopping cart is messed up, so you can't push it in a straight line very easily.
With UNICEF support, he is leading a campaign to distribute pneumococcal and rotavirus vaccines, which Levine says can protect children throughout the developing world against pneumonia and diarrhoea.
Mehr bases his conclusion on the results of studies that measured the mental aptitude of two groups of 4-year-olds and their parents.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee said it was honoring the pair for their efforts to safeguard press freedom.
I'll mute you.
And along the entire 40-foot wall of the reception room, a photo-mural of a ragged, depression-era breadline brooded over the sleek heads of the beautifully dressed and elaborately fed tourists.
But now Africa is slowly making its mark on the global industry as independent game developers begin to carve their creative niche and hone their technical skills.
He muted me.
Since October, thousands have been arrested and sent to military-style camps where they live in squalid conditions, perform strenuous exercises and get beaten when they falter, according to Befeqadu Hailu, a former detainee.
In several U.S. cities, adventure lovers of all ages can climb trees, swing on ropes and zip through a forest canopy, like Tarzan as depicted in Hollywood's jungle-adventure movies.
When an unkind word is said, a thoughtless word, it's best to tune out.
As soon as this week, President Joe Biden may announce the removal of some of the tariffs that former President Donald Trump levied on China at the outset of a trade war in 2018.
The world's largest iceberg is on course to collide with the island of South Georgia, a key haven for wildlife in the south Atlantic Ocean, scientists say.
One important work of the physiotherapists was to teach men with amputated limbs how to dress, feed, and otherwise care for themselves, and how to use the artificial legs or arms which the Government supplied to them.
How do I know you're who you say you are?
The prisoner died of natural causes one day before his scheduled release.
Have you been crying again?
The plastic shopping bag couldn't handle the weight of the groceries placed inside it, so it began to stretch and, ultimately, to tear.
"I want to get my own piano, but there's no room for it." "What do you mean, 'there's no room'? Your room is pretty much empty!"
The fact that the richest man in the world encourages antisemitism should tell you something about the real purpose of antisemitism.
Mangkusubroto says what helped bring order to the chaos was the creation of a recovery agency with the mandate and authority of the president to override regulations and coordinate assistance.
He escaped that fate because his lawyers successfully argued that he was under 21 and hence underage for the hangman's noose.
As John Stevens entered the well-warmed and cosy building, a few minutes before the meeting was called to order, his eye involuntarily became brighter in sympathy with the merry confusion and bustle which he witnessed all around him.
I'm muted in the chat.
Veterinarian Guy Palmer is conducting research in Tanzania on a sustainable rabies vaccination program.
The young warrior did not recline in the shadow of his birchen lodge enjoying the comforts of summer life in mid forest.
The furniture was beautifully polished, but did not have a bright gloss.
But for the moment his sense of relief was so great as to preclude all other feelings.
Many people are in bondage because of doing wrong, but many more because of doing right in the wrong way.
Kenyans have come up with a variety of methods to try to eradicate the problem plant, including breeding a microorganism that feeds on the cactus and also turning it into food for humans.
She was an award-winning editorial writer on a newspaper.
Appearances may be different when using other skins.
The sidebar is displayed on the edge of the page below the site logo.
Clicking on the logo brings you back to the main page of the website.
These links can be configured by site administrators.
Teslas are known to burst into flames.
This must be that new restaurant everyone was talking about.
We're all going to die sooner or later.
You can't eat ideas.
Can you go see what Cookie is whimpering about?
I'm not built for that.
Cookie is a good dog, but he wears you out quick.
Be careful; Cookie might try to hump you.
Cookie is a Boxer.
It's almost time for Cookie to get neutered.
What was done to Alan Turing was wrong.
It's hard to believe this whole site is powered by hamsters running on wheels.
It's all about who you know.
The birds are quite talkative today.
Dogs can't play the guitar.
Go to Tatoeba on your phone for a free pocket phrasebook.
That's something Tom never told me.
That's something Tom never told me about.
That's something Tom never told me about you.
Pareidolia is a type of apophenia.
They're trolling IRL.
There was a lot to eat there.
I love the Great Lakes.
Thank your local hamster for keeping the Internet going.
My hamster's name is Cookie.
These penguins are gay.
Kenneth Hoagland was disturbed by what he called the bacchanalian aspects of prom-night festivities — including drinking binges, sex parties at motels, and tragic highway crashes.
With the expiration of a 70-year copyright hinged on the 1945 suicide death of the anti-Semitic ruler, the manuscript enters the public domain, and plans to publish an annotated version of the two-volume work in German have sparked public controversy.
Cameroon’s wildlife protection service said its officers and police caught six traffickers as they were attempting last week to smuggle pangolins and their scales through the Douala International Airport.
The sinkhole, now about 10 meters across, is threatening to devour the entire house.
The Mugunga Three camp opened last December as a back-up site and is capable of accommodating up to 60,000 people.
In India, authorities are investigating warnings that the famed Taj Mahal monument is tilting.
Polish President Andrzej Duda says there was no institutional participation by Poland in the Holocaust, but he did recognize criminal actions toward Jews by some individual Poles.
Several United Nations agencies are investing heavily in so-called financial inclusion programs, designed to bring financial services to the poor and make them less aid-dependent.
Kevin Sumption, the chief executive of the Australian National Maritime Museum, is adamant the Endeavour has been located.
The fossil proved to be the first one of its kind that revealed the tail fin contour in its entirety.
Please stop scaring her. She's been through a lot recently.
All we do is send each other cursed images.
Neither of us knows.
Neither of us knows what's coming.
Neither of us has been there before.
Neither of you is what I had in mind.
Our planet is a living organism.
Our planet is a cybernetic organism.
It is not the intention of the government to apportion blame or to abnegate responsibility.
These challenges could undercut efforts by many African countries to increase agricultural production.
That whole planet is one big cybernetic organism.
The oral HIV test has become popular for a number of reasons, including its acceptability and ease of use.
The nation whose land we're on was forcibly relocated to Oklahoma.
Mix eight grams of alum with seven grams of cream of tartar in a small amount of hot water.
It's in the drink holder.
Students around the United States are creating virtual businesses that produce simulated products, which are marketed and sold for virtual money.
Red Cross volunteer Nurein Mohamed often visits the drug dens where she sees the desperation of many addicts.
President Joe Biden on Thursday visited a small, deindustrialized Ohio steel town to tout his ambitious multi-trillion-dollar proposed spending plan, to announce a $1 billion initiative for environmental cleanup and restoration, and to court voters in a crucial state ahead of this year's tightly contested midterm elections.
Recently, the American Museum of Natural History established the Institute for Comparative Genomics.
Waste from poorly managed aquaculture ponds can pollute ground and coastal waters, and certain carnivorous species like salmon must be fed products made from other fish, like oil and meal — meaning continued pressure on wild fish populations.
White-lipped peccaries used to be the dominant terrestrial mammals in South American rainforests.
That prog nerd keeps trying to talk to me about Rush.
Homosexuality is very common in nature.
It feels weird to see a ligature in a monospaced font.
Don't leave yet! You'll miss the best scene!
If you want to make your text look a bit more fancy, turn on ligatures in your word processor.
It's the best one yet.
Every grave in this cemetery is identical. It must be where they bury suburbanites.
Cops love doughnuts.
That was where it all started going wrong.
A positron is an antielectron.
Cookie bit me.
Do what you will; I won't talk.
Do you want to start it?
Do you want to start?
That song has been covered a lot.
Ohio does exist; trust me.
Tom is such a crybully.
We were in the neighborhood and thought we would see what you were up to.
Zionism isn't part of Judaism, but the Land of Israel is central to it.
I have a lifelong problem of not giving myself enough credit.
The concise word is better than a long, insipid speech.
You see it too, right?
You see it, right?
When you see it, you'll shit bricks.
There's a kitty outside.
I knew Tom biblically.
We knew each other biblically.
It needs charged.
Learning a language is a social activity.
The battery is just about dead.
The battery needs charged.
Cookie is on his ninth life.
Do you ever see foxes around here?
Have you seen any coyotes around here?
Coyotes have bushy tails.
Coyotes are sisters of wolves.
Why are you praising me? She's the one who came up with it!
I can't believe drugs won the War on Drugs.
These candles were Esther's.
These candlesticks were Esther's.
My aunt Esther painted that.
The news is always the same.
You threw me for a loop there.
Hopefully it's the last one.
Hopefully it's the last one today.
Our whole economy depends on this.
We're a silly country.
There's nothing good on.
I've got a thyroid problem.
That's a birthmark.
"The universe we're living in was falsified by a demon." "Wow, big if true."
It turns out Elon Musk is just another rich idiot.
I don't think it's a genius-level move to fire 2/3 of your workforce and demand the remaining 1/3 commit to insane hours.
You need sleep and relaxation for your brain to function at an optimal level.
I hope Peter Thiel dies at the hands of his fellow far-right scumbags.
It is literally impossible to be a communist billionaire.
We've seen quite a few wild turkeys around here.
All the right does is make shit up and yell about it.
Look at the little woodpecker!
I hear a dog.
We met on IRC.
There is no depth Tom wouldn't sink to in pursuit of his goals.
Pick Tom.
Pick me.
Your assumption that I love food is correct.
There's a huge glare; we should watch it in the other room.
Caffeine is the fuel powering civilization.
The motorized right arm, with its five-fingered and fully-jointed hand, allows the woman to pick up and hold objects, and to feed herself.
Experts say rotational grazing is good for the land and the animals, and it can save money.
Using his uncanny powers of deduction and the latest in high-tech gadgetry, Agent 86 never seems to get it quite right.
Right-wingers are the only people in America who consistently advocate and vote for the right to marry children.
The report also discusses actions by governments and other groups to repress the news media.
The Dark Lord is at work.
That was purely coincidental.
I haven't been paying attention.
French physicists have successfully tested two optical lattice clocks, which would lose just one second every 300 million years.
I really like Westerns that don't shy away from the racial and sexual politics of the period.
King Charles III was formally proclaimed as Britain’s monarch and head of the Commonwealth Saturday, in a ceremony that traces its history back several hundred years.
Its payload is practically symbolic: a 100-kilogram satellite with a projected one-year life span containing an experimental oscillator that emits ultra short laser pulses.
The U.N. labor agency says existing methods of protecting workers from accidents and disease are not good enough to deal with new occupational hazards arising from changes in the nature of work.
The desktop personal computer changed the world when it was introduced back in the 1970s.
Would you buy a car that sprayed soothing aromas when you are stuck in rush-hour traffic?
Police responded with stun grenades.
The developer is aware of this bug and will soon publish an update to address it. In the meantime, you can patch it yourself by following the steps below.
"What do you think about my painting?" "Well, it's certainly... unique..."
Instead of carrying her cat all the way to the bathtub and having to endure being scratched throughout, she laid out a trail of treats from the living room to the bathroom.
There could be an invisible, inaudible, intangible dragon next to you right now.
Don't stare directly into the sun.
That one doesn't work for me.
That's the worst thing I've seen all day.
It's hard to undo decades of social programming.
They shouldn't get to do that.
Cats love me.
Dogs love me.
How does this tie into everything else?
I'm glad you came around.
He's been on a roll lately.
If I told you, you wouldn't believe me.
Does my cat love me?
How do I know if my cat loves me?
Could it be possible that you don't know the whole story?
Maybe unbanning Nazis isn't the right way to replace the massive exodus from your site.
Elon Musk called a guy a pedo just for telling him his help wasn't needed.
Elon Musk would never lie.
All American conservatives do is call people pedophiles. It's massive projection, as their party is the one keeping it legal to marry 12-year-olds in many states.
Dogs chew on bones.
Dogs chew on things.
When he saw Tom was hurt, Cookie immediately stopped playing and tried to lick Tom's wound.
I made some oatmeal if you want some.
Potatoes aren't apples.
You're a farmer, aren't you?
I see you've played this game before.
There are all sorts of new sticks out there for Cookie to play with.
That may be my new favorite movie.
It's not a busy day.
Elon Musk used money he didn't earn to buy a site he had nothing to do with building and impose his personal whims on it.
Peter Thiel is one evil bastard.
I'd been there before.
Everybody run!
Run, everybody!
Tom's got a gun.
Yes, I get it.
Cookie tracked mud all over the bed.
Drug prohibition doesn't aim to help addicts, but to exploit their vulnerability.
Elon Musk's far-right takeover of Twitter has been a bigger disaster than anyone anticipated.
Could you be misinterpreting what was said?
It's saying the battery is bad.
As in other countries, accreditation in the U.S. is a stamp that a college or university meets basic standards.
Gary will explain to us who will have a private office and who will have a cubicle and the difference between them.
While many rock and soul singers incorporate jazz rhythms and sounds into their music, a pop superstar and one of the legends of jazz and popular music have brought the two worlds together on a new album of duets and solos.
At the first-ever Ghana Fashion and Design Week this fall, catwalk spectators can expect to see styles that accentuate the hips and shoulders, said the event’s spokesperson, Ivy Prosper.
I wanted to grab another, but the next person in line, clearly a ravenous beast, had grabbed the tongs and was spooning polenta onto their plate with the eagerness of a puppy on speed.
Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro says Mr. Chavez had an abscess removed from his pelvic area.
Croatia is known to most Americans for its picturesque walled city of Dubrovnik, the setting for many of the scenes in the immensely popular television series Game of Thrones.
Friends are overrated.
If I lose my job, I won't have any money to feed my family.
At only 14 years old, Chinese golfer Guan Tianlang is set to become the youngest player ever to tee off at the prestigious Masters tournament in Augusta, Georgia, which begins Thursday.
It's probably easier than you think.
If you’re stuck with a slower computer, the game offers a special toggle button that will reduce the quality of the graphics but will make the game run faster.
Denny Christian, a 28-year-old from Jakarta studying accountancy in Australia, worries that the Papuan affair could make life difficult for Indonesians in the country.
Why won't you let me figure it out myself for once?
Our sheep's fleece is thick; no matter how much we shear it, it will grow back.
Perhaps it was my imagination, but when a man several rows to our rear erupted into a coughing fit, the normal buzz of conversation dipped to an uncomfortable murmur.
From the porch he can see 90-year-old raisin vineyards his family has tended since before he was born.
During Europe's Renaissance, artists like Leonardo da Vinci recognized math's importance in painting and the ancient Greeks investigated musical scales in terms of numerical ratios.
Cassini's atmospheric sensing instruments have revealed other carbon compounds, too, such as benzene and acetylene.
I can't prove it, but it's true.
After a short, bumpy car ride, he stops at a small grassy field filled with milkweed, Canada thistle and bees.
Now a group of worshippers from different religions have banded together to protect one center in particular, one where both Hindus and Muslims gather to pray.
Global cobalt prices have tripled since May 2003 and they now stand at a record $55,100 per tonne.
While COVID-19 spares few nations, Malaysia faces a combination of issues in particular.
HSBC bank dubbed it “Pho'nomenal Vietnam,” a reference to the iconic noodle soup, in a report last week that said it is the only economy in the region that will grow in 2020.
Somalia’s South West state is one of the places the United Nations expects famine to arise as the prolonged and worst drought in 40 years continues to devastate the country.
She said she stopped using her car Monday after a futile attempt to buy fuel at a pumping station.
None of what the preacher said at the funeral was true.
"No one could want me." "Don't say that. You're a catch."
My partner is asleep.
Dogs are often hilarious.
9 out of 10 dogs recommend me.
English is very widely spoken, but this doesn't mean it has carried out the goals of Esperanto by any stretch of the imagination.
English is currently the de facto international language, like French before it, but there are much simpler alternatives that would enable far more people to access the international community.
It's excessive.
That's excessive.
The world is full of bipolar people who don't threaten vulnerable minorities.
Mania can bring hidden prejudices to the surface, but it doesn't create them out of whole cloth.
I was expecting better sales on Black Friday.
The Soviet Union lost the Cold War to the other evil empire.
I'm glad to have grown up when Michael Jordan was still playing.
Michael Jordan was a phenomenon.
I threw up at three in the morning.
I don't have an alarm clock; I use my phone.
I love what you've done with this room.
Matt Walsh is a pedophile.
Technetium is rarely found in nature.
An ephebophile is a pedophile who is so steeped in online pedo culture that they know how to distinguish finer degrees of childfucking.
Help! I'm trapped in a sentence factory!
Gross.
Tom busted out of prison.
Tom is looking for a place to lay low.
No one escapes from that place.
Here's some gas money.
You do so much for me.
You're not allowed to have a phone in here.
I forgot to check the weather.
I've got gastritis, I think.
I like that painting.
Do you mind if I take this?
I guess he's still alive.
Even as a youngster growing up in New York City in the 1950s, it was clear that Nicholas Negroponte would find a way to combine his love and aptitude for art and mathematics.
When the song begins in earnest, the nightclub in Johannesburg’s smart Rosebank suburb begins to heave with the bounce of scores of gyrating bodies.
The rare virus, normally found only in African rainforests, may have come to the United States when a distributor imported prairie dogs along with a Gambian giant rat, a species known to be susceptible to monkeypox.
Several nights a year, they meet to observe important dates on the Pagan calendar, such as the seasonal equinoxes.
Chakwera said his government will not have mercy on those who were involved in the plunder of government finances.
As with other driverless cars, humans are still present and can override the self-driving mode at any time.
A civic organization that fights for the right to water says a low percentage of Zimbabweans has access to clean water.
A noose is a symbol of the thousands of lynchings, often from trees, of Black Americans during slavery and well into the 20th century.
There was just the three of 'em sitting by themselves in a cosy little bar, when the door was pushed open and a big black dog came in.
The queen now requested her guests to recline upon couches that they might rest themselves from their long swim and talk more at their ease.
Even after a nuclear apocalypse, life on Earth would still be a more hopeful prospect than human colonization of Mars.
The Elm Fork John Brown Gun Club are heroes.
David Nirenberg considers the Islamic world to be part of the Western world.
Her cats eat better than she does.
He's watching some bullshit about central banking and the New World Order.
The ancient Romans felt more kinship to other Mediterranean civilizations than to the rest of Europe.
The ancient Romans were much more familiar with North Africa and West Asia than they were with Germania or Scythia.
Medieval Islamic civilization saved countless ancient Greek and Roman texts and continued their work, surpassing it and laying more of the foundations for modern science.
Cookie stood at the door and whimpered, but when Tom got up to let him out, Cookie stole Tom's seat.
Tesla was founded by Mark Tarpenning and Martin Eberhard.
Buying something isn't the same as inventing it.
CEO must be a very easy job if Elon Musk is CEO of three companies at the same time.
Florida's foster care system is a major source for child sex traffickers, and Ron DeSanctimonious doesn't care.
Most child abuse happens within the nuclear family.
He claims to be a centrist, but he talks like Alex Jones.
I don't have time for your tinfoil hat bullshit today.
The products, even those claiming to have so-called "natural" components, can contain mercury, hydroquinone or caustic agents like sodium hydroxide.
The report also measures the ecological footprint of nations; that is the accumulative pressure they put on the planet.
They were ruled by one Polynesian monarch or another until British naval captain James Cook “discovered” them in 1778 and named them the Sandwich Islands, after his patron, the Fourth Earl of Sandwich.
Most actual child groomers are straight men.
When a robot receives the order for certain merchandise it identifies the shelf containing the ware, lifts it just a few inches off the floor and carries it to a worker, who only has to place the item into a box on a conveyer belt to the shipping department.
By no stretch of the imagination is Elon Musk a "free speech absolutist," and his behavior since taking over Twitter proves this.
The tower being subject to great torsional strains is erected on a massive concrete foundation.
In the fight against COVID, some medical centers are offering antibody therapies as a way to keep patients with mild COVID-19 symptoms from developing a more severe illness.
The soap company plastered billboards and bought thousands of glossy magazine pages filled with shots of women, who don't look like fashion models, in only their undergarments.
That manhole cover weighs over 100 kilograms.
Ousted from the conservationist organization he founded, the Canadian-American eco-warrior says he is back in business with a new ship and crew and is ready to resume tormenting the world’s whalers and others he sees as despoilers of the world’s oceans.
The culture war is staged by billionaires to prevent class war.
You know I can't stay mad at you when you make such an adorable face.
I dissociate sometimes.
I was dissociating.
Tom called John a pinko, then John called Tom a fascist.
The alcohol cooks off when you boil it.
How do I create a new subdomain?
They braid mats.
You're going to have to tough it out.
They weave mats.
We'll tough it out a few more days and it'll be over.
I've managed to squirrel away a small amount of money for emergencies.
I'm a bad speller.
Tom is at seminary.
The soothsayer warned Caesar to "beware the ides of March."
The Jewish Theological Seminary in New York City ordains Conservative rabbis.
When it's full, it overflows.
When it's full, it's full.
Benjamin Netanyahu's second wife was a convert to Conservative Judaism.
I mostly just spent the whole day dissociating.
You're not crazy. It really is happening.
The Prime Minister's government is expected to survive with the support of a previously-unaligned party that now supports the nuclear accord.
Such fields should be seeded to soy beans or cowpeas when a leguminous crop is desired for soil improvement or other purposes.
We do own guns, yes.
We're off to the shooting range.
Other features include tiny cameras instead of side view mirrors, and seats that swivel to give the car a lounge-like feeling.
Native to the Indonesian island of Sumatra, Mr. Stinky features umbrella-sized, ribbed leaves that are green on the outside and a vibrant, purplish-red on the inside.
The Beagle, which had been commissioned by the British Admiralty to explore and chart the coast of South America, employed Darwin as its onboard naturalist.
The Internet is not a result of free enterprise.
Nepalese officials say they are considering the move to a lower elevation because the Khumbu glacier on which the camp sits is being melted away by climate change, which is undermining its foundation and slowly releasing decades worth of frozen trash and human waste.
There are added political risks to quantitative easing in the eurozone, said Brooks.
Nearby, 39-year-old Hakima Messadi, clad in a head-to-toe veil and matching black gown, said French President Jacques Chirac's decision to ban the veil in school amounted to an abrogation of human rights.
But a grinding economic crisis in Latin America's largest nation and the rise of "blocos," as local street parties are known, are changing the nature of the big bash.
When you visualize a DNA structure, you probably think about the well-known ‘double helix’ that was revealed in 1953 by Cambridge University scientists James Watson and Francis Crick.
Republican messaging demonizing trans people fell flat in 2022.
It turns out voters don't care about that.
The failed realtor tried to gin up hatred of trans people, but nobody cared outside her bubble.
Russia invaded Ukraine.
It merits further study.
Elon's company isn't even building his dumb tunnels; they're just promising them and never delivering.
The behavior of Elon Musk should disabuse most people of the notion that the rich deserve their wealth.
What possessed you to whine about "Jewish power" to me?
She's so brainwashed that her mind instantly rejects even the tiniest thought of the Great Leader possibly being bad.
In Yiddish, international football is called "fusbol" while American football is called "futbol."
I don't understand Australian football.
I'm running low on fucks to give.
I'm running dangerously low on fucks to give.
Reactionary means far-right.
The most inconsequential differences in opinion can often lead to the fiercest arguments.
"Did you see it?" "See what?"
What's that? Looks like the popemobile.
Russia is the country that invaded Ukraine.
Not being inclusive in world affairs, Obama said, could alienate citizens throughout the world, causing conflict, mass immigration, and the creation of safe havens for terrorism.
The idiot is amazed by his navel.
Asia's largest tulip garden in Srinagar has witnessed 3 million visitors this year.
Abler patients are encouraged to stay active.
I wasn't expecting to lose that much weight.
On Tuesday, a third alternate juror, a white man who said he works as an accountant, was the last person chosen over a two-week period to try the case.
Outrage, compassion, a desire for justice: these are some of the motivations of 10 women honored by the U.S. State Department this year with the International Women of Courage Award.
Elon Musk bans people from Twitter for criticizing him even slightly; he is not a "free speech absolutist."
For people like Xolani Moyo, without a job, no safe drinking water or ablution facilities, he might one day smile to know that some people are concerned about his plight.
India’s ambitions to create a domestic semiconductor manufacturing capability got a boost with this week's announcement of a $19.5 billion investment by Taiwanese electronic company Foxconn and local conglomerate Vedanta.
Sims removes the batteries and crunches the phones to bits, then melts the shards and rubble in furnaces. What comes out is an amalgam of metals—plus slag from the plastic and glass and impurities.
The UK has gotten so insane that they're freaking out over single-stall gender-neutral bathrooms.
Scientists noted the decline in brain cell activation was proportional to the monkeys’ age.
It's a great insulator, keeping hot foods hot and cold foods cold.
The American right wing is out of arguments beyond "everyone who disagrees with me is a pedophile."
They have no arguments left, which is why they try to steal elections and lie constantly.
Fears of hypotheticals that never materialize don't trump the urgent need to fix a real, concrete problem.
It's a deeply misguided thing to do.
Sports are supposed to be a distraction from more serious things.
December 1st is World AIDS Day.
When was the last time the UK had an election?
Meritocracy is a fairy tale.
The Kirk of Star Trek: The Original Series was nothing like the way he's written today.
You can't hypnotize someone into doing something they themselves don't want to do.
So much for the tolerant left.
I'm actually pretty chill most of the time.
The black hole devoured the star.
He didn't have a single rupee.
He didn't miss the opportunity to tout his bona fides.
His wilful ignorance was more than she could stand.
Tom is known for his hilarious malapropisms.
Is it in SWANA?
It's available as a flatpack.
Surrealism is pure psychic automatism.
I think they're aldermen or something.
The clinic prescribed Tom ciprofloxacin.
He's in the neurology department.
They love to go against the grain.
Didn't you used to work as a pollster?
Not a single neuron appeared to be firing.
Don't forget to disinfect it.
I spent hours reading about media tropes.
Rochel recorded a PSA about the tripledemic.
We're going to try to tap into that market.
He needed to taper off venlafaxine.
Ideas are freed when they find an outlet.
Real friends don't do things like that.
It felt like everyone was staring at me.
Everything you've told me so far was an utter lie.
Why would you try to convince me of something so easily disprovable?
I'm a line cook.
I'm a sous-chef.
I'm a pastry chef.
He's an evil man.
I'm a professional golfer.
Tom wears many hats.
I wear many hats.
There doesn't seem to be much intelligent life in the universe. What we have on this planet is precious.
Relax; there is no God.
When should I be worried about unexpected weight loss?
When should I be worried about nausea?
I don't know; I'm not a doctor.
You're probably fine.
Degrowth is not primitivism.
This event, also called commencement, is where schools recognize the students who successfully completed their degree programs.
"We rue the loss of the species in terms of the information, the potential, maybe, for pharmaceutical products that are not known yet, and just because they are part of the natural heritage of the planet," he said.
The naturally desiccated Hungarian mummies had lost their body fluids slowly and naturally, which is quite different from the method used by Egyptians, who deployed special embalmers to carry out the task quickly over a period of two or three months.
I stopped drinking pop a while back.
Statements from the summit will probably allude to avoidance of future health crises, measures to ease climate change and steps toward a "green" economy, Menon said.
His interjection prompts wry laughs and nervousness.
In a report, published in the magazine Nature, a group of scientists say that X-ray and spectroscopic analysis of a small diamond found in magma from a Brazilian volcano showed a 40 micrometer speck of a mineral called ringwoodite.
But U.N. officials call the number of people seeking asylum in the industrialized countries a tempest in a teapot.
The bugs are especially conspicuous in the Washington area, where a newspaper columnist tells their story and invites his readers to do the same.
But he ignored calls for his resignation, saying he had been duly elected and then re-elected to his post.
The prickly pear cactus grows abundantly in many parts of northern Ethiopia's Tigray region.
The War on Drugs has been an embarrassing failure.
Can you show your work?
Dalí is the surrealist for people who don't like surrealism.
Humans are bony fish.
The Population Reference Bureau based in Washington estimates China now has 41 million bachelors who will not have women to marry.
In Pakistan, many Afghan refugees are facing difficulties because of lack of documentation.
In the quiet of a courtyard in the northern Nigerian city of Jos, a dozen people sit in a circle on white plastic chairs, talking about their affliction: lymphatic filariasis, an infectious disease also known as elephantiasis.
Adenike is an official Nigerian youth delegate at the COP26 summit and has addressed senior delegates on the need to act fast.
According to Kenya's National Tuberculosis, Leprosy and Lung Disease Program, the major factor responsible for the large TB disease burden is the concurrent HIV epidemic.
The Sun’s magnetic field changes over a repeating 11-year cycle that causes an ebb and flow of solar activity such as sunspots, solar flares and coronal mass ejections.
These two events sent the countries of the region into overdrive to review and improve disaster preparedness.
The team of researchers recorded the springtime soundscape of northern Alaska for five sequential years.
An international agricultural research group recently announced a fellowship program to help African women who work in agricultural sciences to advance their careers.
These tests are also standardized, so they can only give you questions from the syllabus you can find in preparatory books.
Tom ordered some kratom online.
The eraser you lent me doesn't work very well, which combined with my perfectionism led to my sketch looking like a palimpsest.
As an anti-spam measure, all new users must wait five minutes before they're allowed to send messages.
In 1862, Founder Dupre Barbancourt developed a recipe using a distillation process similar to cognac.
During her childhood years, Lady Gaga learned to play piano completely by ear at age 4, and by 13 she had written her first piano ballad.
Liberia's new electrical system will be compatible with 220 volt European systems.
The Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence, a community organization founded in San Francisco, California, battle complacency with flamboyance and humor.
And oat production has fallen by almost ninety-five percent.
Analysts warn that China could cut steel production, which would further depress iron ore prices.
The lifting of the ban in Kenya is already causing jitters, with Tanzania stepping up vigilance on GMOs following Kenya’s move.
His square jaw, broad shoulders and resonant voice served him well in big-budget historical movies in the 1950s and 1960s.
One of the biggest threats in coal mines are gas explosions and the simulator tries to prepare miners for the worst.
Two black holes collided while orbiting a supermassive black hole.
Tom always does ten reps per set.
I'm no jurist, but I would think that was unconstitutional.
Please find a granule of decency within you and call the attack off.
They claimed it was a secular group, but then a Christian pastor came and gave an invocation before the annual meeting.
Neo-Nazi terrorists cut power to 40,000 people in North Carolina to stop a drag show from happening.
Elon Musk thinks society should endlessly debate whether genocide is bad.
Unlike how he treats Jews, Elon Musk will not allow endless debate over whether it's OK to kill him, or even mild criticism of him.
Someone got banned from Twitter for saying "Elon Musk should pay taxes," but Musk thinks that people should be allowed to debate genocide of various groups.
This country is headed toward a fascist theocracy.
The provisional presidential results show the ruling party garnered 60% of the vote, with 33% of the vote counted.
A social grant to those who lost their jobs during the pandemic will extend through the transition period, after which all measures will lapse.
He was the president of the Town and Country Club and, besides owning a splendid stud, was also the possessor of a genuine Gainsborough.
In February 1905, a Chicago lawyer named Paul founded a business and fellowship club for men.
The dogs also have great stamina — the mental and physical strength to work long hours.
You got me out of it, and I owe you my thanks, but you need not have put your neck into the noose.
According to scripture, God helped the Jews, led by Moses, escape bondage in Egypt and cross the Red Sea into the desert.
Let's skedaddle!
The New York Times has published a front-page editorial calling for stricter gun control following a series of high-profile mass shootings that have rattled the nation and revived a longstanding disagreement over how to prevent gun violence.
I need some book recommendations.
Tease a skunk in Minnesota, or gargle in public in New Orleans, Louisiana, and they can haul you off to jail.
The pasta strainer or colander, what Italians call a colapasta, is a must in every Italian and Italian-American kitchen.
The Roman Empire was known to ancient and medieval China as Daqin.
This may be out of my depth.
How are you with cats?
You're not allergic to cats, are you?
Are you allergic to cats?
That's my alarm.
The mycologist went wandering off into the woods.
"How much does it pay?" "It's for the exposure."
I was murdered.
A Massive Fraud of this type and magnitude allows for the termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the Constitution.
And here it is again!
Here comes the showdown again!
I hope you can make good use of it.
Turn back before it's too late.
My retribution will be swift.
I get where you're coming from.
Men are contented to be laughed at for their wit, but not for their folly.
Don't go wandering off.
Stay on the trail.
I don't recognize this place.
Maybe we should stop and ask for directions.
The essay was riddled with typos.
Tom won the school spelling bee.
That really rubbed me the wrong way.
The judge recused himself from the case.
Tom is doing time for manslaughter.
There's nothing I can do to help you.
BPA is widely used in plastics and epoxy resins, including the lining of food cans.
Part of a multi-billion dollar project aimed at satisfying growing energy needs in the North African kingdom, the Noor I thermo-solar plant is the first of five the country plans to build by the end of the decade as it strives to become a world-class renewable energy producer.
But in the Indian capital, there is a party spoiler: a deadly haze of pollution that has prompted calls to minimize exposure to the dirty air and is making some pack up and leave the city during the festival.
Researchers at the University of California in San Francisco say a protein called NT-proBNP could help predict the risk a future major cardiovascular event, including heart attack, heart failure or stroke in patients with heart disease.
Aviation officials say hundreds of thousands of people have left Moscow in the last several days due to the acrid smoke and smog that has enveloped the region.
The World Health Organization warns travel bans to limit the spread of the new coronavirus from China could backfire and lead to a worsening of the epidemic worldwide.
The refugees paint a bleak picture of mounting violence and lawlessness as civilians scramble to overcome shortages of food, water and fuel.
The zoo has submitted a plan to add perimeter fencing around the popular public venue to close all the gaps and reduce pedestrian entrances from 13 to three.
Those in favor may say aye.
In two years the world may have an automated system that could instantly discover and neutralize hackers’ attacks against government, corporate or private computers.
Kamran is Iranian-German.
That's very old data.
That data is very old.
We can't trust the police.
I can't believe how cute you are.
Rich people don't need to borrow money for college.
Fat actors don't need to wear fatsuits.
The singer sounds like Bob Marley, but apparently he's just some white guy from New Jersey.
I tend to hate things like that.
A man is a featherless biped.
All he does is bullshit.
So, are you going to retire?
Why is Donald Trump calling to terminate the U.S. Constitution over Hunter Biden's penis?
"That's not true." "I know; I was lying."
I remember Tom's cat Cookie. He must have passed away by now.
So much for Tom's honesty.
The UK media is so sick that the Telegraph devoted its entire front page to anti-transgender articles.
The UK media is trying to do to trans people what it did to Diana.
The heat treatment of pinions produced from this material consists in carburizing at a temperature of from 1,600 to 1,650 °F.
Researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology say the moon’s non-silicate sand is “electrically charged” and “resistant to motion.”
A fly with a remarkable sense of hearing is the model for what may be a new generation of hypersensitive hearing aids and other sonic devices.
Guinea sends experts to help DRC combat the virus, reciprocating after earlier West African outbreak.
Many people have clutter at home — things they don’t use or need, but somehow, don’t throw away.
The menu on a recent day included oatmeal, scrambled eggs, sweet potato hash, English muffin and a smoothie made from pineapple, spinach and banana.
She says growing numbers of people are engaging in risky behavior just to get something to eat and support their families.
The Mars rover Curiosity has successfully bored into and collected the innards of a rock on the Red Planet, yielding about a tablespoon of gray powder that the rover will soon analyze.
Alternatively, they say, OPEC could defer a decision altogether and review policy again at a special meeting in January.
Scientists long have understood the environmental risk factors that contribute to stroke, such as smoking and high-fat diets, but they have struggled to find the genes that underlie the heritable component of the disease — until now.
"What you said wasn't true." "I know. I lied."
Crypto had a bad year.
Tom is a true polymath.
Speak precisely.
Speak concisely.
That's not something Tom would say.
That's something Tom would say.
Phobos will eventually break apart and form a ring system around Mars.
Hype and fanfare greeted the U.S. launch of Microsoft's newest game.
The revival of smallpox inoculations in the United States brings back a vaccine considered the most dangerous of all.
The nine-minute-long YouTube video (an abridged version of the original speech) has received over four million views in just about a week.
The Holy Roman Empire was a confederation of princely states in Germany.
And if we don't want to broil the planet, then we have to dramatically change the built environment.
His wife was still at the table, absently fingering the handle of her cup and staring fixedly out the window at the kennels behind the house.
The teacher may also choose some melody free from accidentals and play it slowly while the student notates.
Any such event is represented with respect to the co-ordinate system K by the abscissa x and the time t, and with respect to the system K′ by the abscissa x′ and the time t′.
The five-and-a-half-meter-diameter balloon is tethered with a winch cable to an airport pickup truck.
Let me try a magic spell.
New figures from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development show that social welfare programs shielded some of the poorest Europeans from the harshest effects of the global financial crisis — programs that are now being cut as countries adopt austerity measures.
Originally designed by Japanese researchers for influenza, the drug is a nucleoside analogue — a molecule that looks like a building block of genetic material.
The id wants what it wants when it wants it.
"My cats love me." "Then explain the scratches all over your body." "It's tough love."
I find Freudianism fascinating in the same way as I find other religions fascinating.
"We use the word Pharisee for sanctimonious types, or for those who commit the sin of adding to scripture." "Wow; I've always called those types Christians."
That's pretty edgy.
Do you like arts and crafts?
Do you like craft beer?
Martial law has been imposed in the region.
Wow, this blew up. While you're here, consider supporting Tatoeba, a free multilingual database of example sentences translated into various languages.
I guess it went viral.
The cheetah is very closely related to the domestic cat.
The beautiful and outlandish designs in “Savage Beauty,” culled from McQueen’s 20-year career, have the power to startle and enthrall.
The teacher also demonstrated with a stopwatch and a buzzer.
Bachelet said this was key to finding a pathway out of the country’s economic, humanitarian, and human rights crisis.
I don't really have any money left after that.
Amscray!
One should be enough.
The shadows are alive.
Cats are multidimensional beings.
According to NORC at the University of Chicago, 58 percent of Americans support allowing parents of transgender children to access gender-affirming care for them.
According to NORC at the University of Chicago, Americans overwhelmingly oppose allowing service providers to refuse service to an LGBTQ person on religious grounds.
In the United States, a tiny minority of religious extremists rule over the majority.
The Republican Party's policies are deeply unpopular, which is why they continue to lose even in a system rigged in their favor.
Go for the eyes.
Use all four fingers when jabbing someone in the eyes.
Tom is learning kung fu.
Tom is learning karate.
Tom is learning aikido.
Tom is learning Krav Maga.
Tom is learning judo.
The Forum for African Women Educationists in Malawi, with funding from a Canadian organization, is working on a pilot project to provide affordable sanitary pads to school girls to reduce absenteeism.
“By having the genome information, we can pick out those tomato plants that have more of those genes” for sweetness, redness, viscous juice, or whatever breeders are looking for.
Mayaw added that that some indigenous people have the idea that autonomy for aborigines means a reservation system like that in Canada or the United States and that the 16 indigenous groups on Taiwan’s land should carve out autonomous areas.
Both Cyprian and Valerian gave as the reason for their continued bachelorhood, the fact that they were too comfortable as bachelors and had never felt the need of a wife.
As every portrait painter knows, the slightest change in the shape of eyebrows, the curvature of lips or a crease in the forehead can alter the expression of a person's face — and affect how someone else responds.
Elon Musk has banned numerous Chinese dissidents from Twitter, likely due to the leverage Chinese banks have over him.
Elon Musk has banned numerous left-wing accounts from Twitter for no reason.
British photographer David Slater has reached an agreement with the animal-rights group PETA over a selfie shot by a crested macaque.
Sierra Leone's first hydro-power dam, almost 40 years in the making, was switched on in November 2009.
But for sure, we obsess over the subject of work and how to do it better, faster, and more profitably.
Business mogul Sam Matekane's upstart political party, the Revolution for Prosperity, won 56 of the 120 constituencies in general elections but fell short of his goal of winning an outright 61-seat majority.
The bill approved by the opposition-controlled upper house of parliament aims to terminate that special law.
It looks like the wedding's off.
The groom got cold feet.
The register was empty.
The cash register was empty.
These are counterfeit bills.
Witnesses said they saw a suspicious man throwing something off the bridge that very night.
You'd better call a locksmith.
These bags are too heavy. There's no way I can carry them all the way to the bus stop.
Thanks for telling me right away.
I can help you with that assignment.
I'm out of cash. Sorry.
She's as friendly as can be.
As most big-city dwellers know, parking in public garages during a busy weekday can be very frustrating.
The heavy metal can harm the lungs and kidneys and impair hearing, balance, vision, thinking and breathing.
With their serrated snouts, these predatory fish are one of the ocean’s most unusual and endangered animals.
NASA says images gathered by the Hubble Space Telescope, a little over a month ago, confirm the existence of a mysterious dark vortex in Neptune’s atmosphere.
Coe drove his wife's Tesla sedan to the new store in Nambé on Tuesday to ask if an SUV he ordered can be delivered there.
Within two weeks he was playing complete songs and convinced his dad to buy him a chromatic harmonica — one with sharps and flats.
The director of WHO’s department of environment, climate change and health, Maria Neira, says particulate matter can affect almost every organ in the body.
Once it enters orbit, a landing probe will detach and land on the planet’s Utopia Planitia region, where it will release a small solar-powered rover that will explore the surface for at least three months.
The group has been weakened by attrition and a string of high-profile arrests in the late 1990s and 2000s.
Imaginative insight, passion, the gift of oratory, grace and dignity of movement and bearing, perfect command of the voice in the whole gamut of its inflections are the constituent qualities of true histrionic capacity.
A great example of a corporate psychopath is Elon Musk.
Tom is a top.
Paleo-Hebrew is a script, not a language.
In other words, the definition in rural communities of what it means to be poor is at variance with definitions used by the government.
Elon Musk embodies the conservative propaganda tactic of calling everyone who crosses you a pedophile.
Savage says her idea to row across the Atlantic would embody those values.
Billionaires shouldn't exist.
Being a billionaire is morally wrong.
Google has launched an online person finder to help people reconnect with those in the disaster areas.
The money of billionaires consists of the unpaid wages of their workers.
It's normal not to want to be poor, but some people have more than enough money to end world hunger many times over.
Federal immigration authorities daily apprehend some 7,000 migrants trying to cross the northern Mexican border.
He says the accretion disk, a swirling mass of dust and gas at the mouth of black holes that helps feed them, is mostly inhospitable.
An international team of researchers has found evidence that humans in what is now Georgia were using flax some 30,000 years ago.
Cambodia has managed to improve its economy, but its goals for education, women’s empowerment, child and maternal health and environmental sustainability are all lagging behind.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she expects managing the COVOD-19 pandemic will become more difficult as the year progresses.
There are crimes that harm others and there are victimless crimes.
We're people just like you.
The day had been so charming that we had been tempted to dawdle much on the way in lazy enjoyment of the beauty of the woodland slopes and the views of the volcanoes, so that it was about 4 o’clock when we rode up to the inn.
Japanese are expected to be sneezing more and more frequently over the next few months, with forecasters predicting an unusually high volume of pollen from cedar and cypress trees.
People are fallible.
It's just your mind playing tricks on you.
The animatronics are haunted.
Let's make this easy.
Twitter's algorithm already had a right-wing bias before its acquisition by arch-reactionary Elon Musk.
Elon Musk was booed by what should have been a friendly crowd at a Dave Chappelle show.
People don't hate you because you tell the truth; it's the opposite. People hate you because you lie constantly.
The crowd at Dave Chappelle shows nowadays is almost entirely right-wing, which makes it that much funnier that Elon Musk was booed by them.
Tom grew up in a squat.
Elon's Twitter is frantically trying to remove video of him being booed from the site.
Laïcité is very poorly disguised antisemitism and Islamophobia.
Laïcité is an embarrassment to the secular world.
Tom strategically labels himself a centrist in order to mainstream some of the most outlandish far-right ideas.
God made me this way.
She was singing the saddest song.
Many of the arguments made in favor of slavery and later segregation were religious in nature.
There were no leftists there.
Technique is technique, no matter who teaches it.
"Where's Tom?" "Ixnay on the Omtay. Arymay's in the other oomray."
But the job of a rickshaw puller is not easy.
The incumbent Barisan Nasional, a coalition of parties led by the United Malays National Organization, is aiming to build on its slim parliamentary majority with a message of “stability and progress” after more than two years of political and economic turmoil.
If the Americans win this contest and Honduras scores a home win or draw against Panama, the United States will clinch a 2014 World Cup berth.
Am I shooting too low?
Am I shooting too high?
Narrow roads have also been an issue, causing some motorists to swerve and get into accidents.
Elon Musk is a Nazi.
Many of these children were born in refugee camps, and running water is still a new and delightful amenity.
Around the world, independent artists and musicians wrestle with a common problem: where to exhibit or perform?
Britain's own Climate Change Committee, an independent, statutory body established to advise the UK government on emission targets, says COP26 "marked a step forward in global efforts to address climate change."
Do you speak Interslavic?
The 2019 film The Painted Bird features the Interslavic language.
World champion and Olympic gold medalist Simone Biles has 19 medals to her name, but there's one accolade that's been out of her reach.
Stuxnet spread by infected removable drives, such as USB drives.
The researchers suggest the behavior reflects the gull’s large brains that have allowed them to adapt to survive a life of interacting with humans.
I hate long plane rides.
Please get the car inspected.
The CEO of aircraft maker Boeing sees a bumpy future for the airline industry, predicting a major carrier will not survive as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
Tom was weird even before the drugs.
Cops don't protect us. We protect us.
"Who protects us?" "We protect us!"
If you outlaw guns, only cops will have guns.
Tom is a squatter.
I've never read about the history of it.
We're out of catnip.
One of the cats got into the catnip.
I think rats are cute.
The police are not your friend.
Is air frying as healthy as baking?
I got dizzy in the shower.
I've felt severe depression for at least three weeks now, and it doesn't seem to be improving.
I don't think I'm in a ton of immediate danger.
I don't think I can go back to Dr. Jackson.
Could I get a referral to another endocrinologist?
I've been pretty depressed for the last few days, and I don't know if one of the medications has stopped working or what.
I probably have COVID, as my housemate has it.
My upcoming visit isn't until the end of October.
The symptoms I'm having are pretty severe.
I don't think it's an emergency, but it could become one.
I don't know if this is related to my asthma symptoms worsening in recent weeks.
I'm wondering if I could get a referral to your food pantry.
German and Yiddish both descend from Middle High German, much like English and Scots both descend from Middle English.
Interslavic is an example of a zonal auxiliary language.
Now, however, the fellowship of the approaching sea-voyage and of the glorious perils to be shared, as well as the refreshing feeling which the soft southern evening poured over soul and sense, united the band of comrades in perfect and undisturbed harmony.
Interslavic is called "medžuslovjansky" in Interslavic.
My friends breathed in the acrid fumes of the fires below from burning tires and from buildings aflame, and they heard the crack of sniper bullets and saw protesters stumble and fall when struck almost eight years ago to the day.
Successive owners have tinkered the place since then, but they cannot quite spoil it.
Children of men over 40 have a significantly higher risk of autism than those fathered by younger men, according to a study in the September issue of the journal Archives of General Psychiatry.
For example, cinnamon tea can be taken for coughs and mint tea used as a gargle.
The Gerber story started in a kitchen, with a hand-cranked food strainer, a hungry baby and a loving mother.
So we’re content to harvest, gut, broil, and eat these dullards of the deep.
Two Australian men flew from Sydney Monday on their way to Antarctica for an attempt at a record-breaking pole trek.
The IOM campaign hopes to dissuade potential migrants from using smugglers networks to make the risky voyage across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen.
The facade of Casa Batllo, one of seven works by Catalonian architect Antoni Gaudi, has an organic skeletal quality leading locals to refer to it as the House of Bones, in Barcelona.
In eastern Zimbabwe, years of neglect have left many plantations that once produced avocados, macadamia nuts, coffee and timber in a pitiful state.
I think crime is illegal.
Legalize crime.
Legalize marijuana.
Legalize squatting.
Uteral implants for trans women will one day be possible and accessible.
Once in a while I remember how to exercise self-control.
Stop eating crayons!
Plastic seems to fascinate cats.
I'll shoot you an email when I know what's going on.
The goat bleated: "Maa!"
Everyone who claims the Holocaust didn't happen wants it to happen again.
Who's to say one is worse than the other?
Please hand in your brain; you won't be needing it.
Let's take things day by day.
The wind blew the fence over.
"Do you have children?" "Only of the little furry variety. I have three cats."
Tom's toupee caught on fire.
Tom's parachute failed to open.
The loan shark threatened to break Tom's kneecaps.
The driver fell asleep at the wheel.
The vehicle was swerving all over the road.
Most rapes go unreported.
Successful flight is only possible if all three directions — pitch, roll and yaw — are used in a coordinated effort.
"Not only do we have the grooved teeth, we do have other structures in the skull that perhaps may be where the venom gland resided in a fossa or depression above the tooth row in the upper jaw," said David Burnham.
Canada's decision to legalize recreational marijuana in October 2018 was greeted by advocates and critics with predictions of dramatic benefits or dire consequences.
With the cold comes a danger as old as man’s knowledge of fire — death or injury by carbon monoxide poisoning.
ISDS is a controversial measure whereby foreign investors may sue a state at a secret arbitration for “damaging” their profits if the state has violated a trade deal or international law.
Once the birds had paired up, half of the zebra finch couples were allowed to go their own way, produce baby birds and live happily ever after.
The military says it is now in the final stages of an operation to eliminate the rebels who are confined to a narrow sliver of coastal land in the northeast.
Often story writers use descriptive language such as adjectives to provide a mental picture of the character’s appearance.
The K-MAX chopper is the largest of several remotely piloted firefighting aircraft to get a tryout this year for firefighting duty.
In countries like Japan and China there is a rich tradition of painting wooden bowls, boxes and other objects with lacquer.
Donato's results showed mangroves store about three to four times more carbon per hectare as temperate forests or even tropical rainforests.
Putin puppet Elon Musk has removed the ability to enter Ukrainian phone numbers on Twitter.
Russia's illegal occupation of Ukraine began in 2014.
Ukraine applied to be a NATO member in 2022, eight years after Russia's imperialist war on the country began.
What does Putin have on Elon Musk?
Elon Musk's Twitter deplatformed the entire country of Ukraine.
I don't know why you find that so surprising.
It's a pseudonym.
Nobody knows my real name.
Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?
They are adding insult to injury.
They're rubbing it in.
They stick the knife in the wound.
He's not normally so meowy.
Elon Musk was friends with Ghislaine Maxwell.
We should speak French the whole time we're there.
Trans Americans are four times more likely to be victims of violent crime than cis Americans.
Self-defense is important.
After a lot of deliberation, I have finally come up with my very own number system that I believe stays true to the philosophy of Toki Pona.
Self-defense is vital.
But VOA’s Brian Padden reports that after years of delays the city is taking action to address perhaps its most pressing problem: traffic gridlock, recently designated the worst in the world.
Braille is a code that uses bumps and indentation on a surface to represent letters, which can be recognized by touch.
Conveyor belts take the eggs directly to the packing area.
On Sunday she fielded questions from children and revealed she likes nothing more than to wear a “nice cardigan” and “very comfortable shoes,” likes “hedgehogs, elephants and hares,” and that her favorite hobby is “growing potatoes.”
Special new breeds of a drought-hardy grain may help reduce iron deficiency among the world’s poor, according to two new studies.
Researchers found that the worst pollutants on the Great Barrier Reef were not tiny bits of plastic, but microfibers containing synthetic polymers nylon and polyester.
In his studio he is surrounded by dozens of paintings, all in the same heavy colors, depicting gray ghetto scenes and indistinct figures.
Tucked under a sandstone overhang, Balcony House offers visitors a magnificent view of the surrounding countryside.
With a top speed of 160 kilometers per hour, sleek new bullet trains will cut a bone-jarring 15-hour road trip down to under four hours, promising a new tide of trade and tourists from China for one of Southeast Asia’s poorest countries.
The ozone and aerosol-measuring instrument is set for a March 2016 launch to the International Space Station.
There are more than enough peopleless houses for all the houseless people in the world.
Tom types dictation.
It's cruelty and greed that keeps homeless people on the street, out of a need to make an example of them so everyone remains obedient workers.
If Republicans hated pedophiles, they would disown Ted Nugent.
I could murder a coffee.
Eels filled the hovercraft.
You mean your hovercraft isn't full of eels?
South Korean President Yoon Suk-yeol used the Korean word meaning “freedom” 35 times during his first speech in office, aligning his administration with U.S. President Joe Biden’s foreign policy centered on human rights and building a coalition of liberal democratic nations, according to experts.
Have you seen Dad?
“The only things we want to see are better education, better healthcare and true peace across the country,” says Daw Mu Taw, an elderly woman from the Padaung tribe who is selling home-made honey in dis-used whiskey bottles.
His gun, the Russian SKS Carbine with a bayonet on the front, is the precursor to the AK-47, the worldwide military assault rifle first used by the Soviet Union and termed "the gun that changed the battlefield."
Rural electrification was finally coming, even though for years nay-sayers had said it was economically infeasible.
I hate frogs.
They were all in accord.
The FAO says the Web-based "crop calendar" provides tips on when and where to plant more than 130 crops, including beans, beetroot, wheat and watermelon.
“If music and language are so intimately coupled, we may be able to design rehabilitation treatments that use musical training to help individuals improve speech-related functions that have been impaired due to age, aphasia or stroke,” Bidelman said.
A new study indicates the kind of bacteria found in a person’s digestive tract can affect the severity of coronavirus infections and the body’s immune response.
It is believed that on this day, Goddess Parvati presented a lance to Lord Murugan to vanquish the demon army of Tarakasura and combat their evil deeds.
Robots have taken over many mundane tasks in our world, from heavy industry to sorting merchandise to bomb disposal.
That's pretty clever. Did you come up with that yourself?
I'd never be caught dead in a place like that.
Who do you take me for?
Can you spell that?
All the lights are off in the building opposite my window.
There's no way I wrote that.
This is all some big mistake.
Natural epidemics like the Ebola virus or SARS have the power to terrify, but even more chilling is the idea of disease used as a weapon.
You're a real smarty pants.
The boss's speech was pretty inspiring, but it could have used a couple more sports metaphors.
Tom grew up in the hood.
I thought this article would clarify things for me, but I just ended up even more confused.
I love you, darling.
I hope you won't go telling people my secret.
Young said the floating objects are "relatively indistinct" in the satellite images, but that one appeared to be about 24 meters long.
The NIAC program is intended to fund visionary ideas that go way beyond things as mundane as going back to the moon or putting a colony on Mars.
Among the food crops that can be made into fuels are: maize, palm trees, sugarcane, beetroot, wheat, groundnuts, pumpkin, sesame and cotton seeds, and the woody shrub called jatropha.
It is a massive infrastructure project originating from Kenya, consisting of a 32-berth port on the country’s north coast, a railway, an oil pipeline, highways, international airports, and resort cities.
The many birds that choose Bolinas as their winter home would have a feast if these butterflies were edible, but Monarchs are protected by an acrid secretion which is distasteful to birds, and enjoy a long life on this account, living not only all winter, but long enough to taste the sweetness of the spring wildflowers.
Gradually, as the magnetic flux (a measurement of the quantity of magnetism) that comes up with the sunspots moves pole-ward it erodes the existing polar fields and replaces them with magnetic fields that have the opposite polarity.
The affected area has doubled since Saturday, when authorities said that the flames were contained within a perimeter of around 40 kilometers.
If the throat is very inflamed, an antiseptic gargle should be used.
Their message, through rallies, vigils, potlucks and song, is simple: if an older person can trek the country to demand change, so can you.
Public Health Minister Anutin Charnvirakul, who championed the plan, has tried to dissuade people from lighting up for fun, stressing the plant’s medical virtues and its potential as a cash crop.
"I'm surprised the rain lasts this long here." "It's an unusual storm."
Lilikoi is a Hawaiian variety of passionfruit.
Eggfruit tastes like candied sweet potatoes.
It's nice to have family.
Lotus fruit reminds me of a ripe pear.
Tom is an anarcho-liberal.
Mayweather said after the bout he will fight one more time later this year, then retire.
Known as America’s “Last Frontier,” Alaska conjures up thoughts of polar bears, subzero temperatures and expansive areas of little-explored terrain around the Arctic Circle.
When the number is dialed, the caller hears a message saying the number is out of service.
A deluxe edition of Beyonce's Grammy-winning album B'Day will be released on April 3.
Elizabeth Mwesigwa is Uganda’s para-badminton champion and the second highest-ranking player in Africa.
Honda's first hybrid was the Insight, a streamlined, small coupe with room for two people and not much more.
But now its football team has quietly proven to be a tough squad made up of players who can dribble, pass, shoot and most importantly wear down opponents.
The study said some businesses were “potentially non-compliant” while others were doing the bare minimum.
The Greek economy is the European Union’s second-most reliant on tourism, after Cyprus, which makes it much more vulnerable and adds more hardship to a nation still reeling from a brutal 10-year recession.
You can create your own color palette in the app, or find palettes others have created.
False consciousness keeps the ruling class in power.
I've never swum in the Pacific before.
There are some cool-sounding birds around here.
Jealousy is a personal problem.
Political opinions aren't immutable traits.
Parents are people.
I'm staying with my brother.
Don't be afraid to be wrong.
It's a story in three parts.
I had these fruits called sapodillas that taste like apple pie.
Other people's medical issues are none of your concern.
Medicine shouldn't be subjectively defined by cynical, power-hungry politicians.
It is politicians, not doctors, who are leading the crusade against trans people.
We had some excellent ramen.
I'm loving this espresso machine.
I can hear the crowing of wild roosters.
Mordecai Noah wanted to found a Jewish homeland on Grand Island in Western New York.
Mordecai Noah was a prominent proponent of slavery in the United States.
Mordecai Noah's family was driven to America by intense persecution at the hands of Catholics.
The Nazis killed millions of children.
Due to blatant foreign influence, the UK of all places has suddenly decided it hates gender bending.
It's not right for Iran to force gay men into gender transition, nor is it right for any country to force adolescents who consistently have expressed a different gender to go through puberty when the medicine exists to delay it until they're old enough to decide whether to receive further treatment.
You've lost the plot if you're cheering on far-right regimes in the name of "anti-imperialism."
I can switch to French if you want.
"Banh mi" means bread in Vietnamese.
The Maccabees were the Jewish Taliban.
Meteorologists nicknamed the storm a "bomb cyclone," the second such phenomenon in two months, named for how quickly the barometric pressure falls during such an event.
The Maccabees were Jewish takfiris.
They have rejected a five percent “conditional” salary increment offered by the government.
The adaptability of the human brain has enabled humans to survive and thrive in changing climates.
No one on Earth is qualified to be a parent.
If God is the father of mankind, the evidence would suggest he is just as clueless as any human parent.
In India, the government says it will focus on infrastructure development and on boosting investment as it proposes a slew of measures to propel the economy on a high growth path.
Compared to winter weather at the Great Lakes, this is beautiful.
Malka turned a lot of heads that day.
The new cybersecurity agreement signed by U. S. President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping last week marks a significant first step for both governments to join forces in clamping down on commercial espionage in the cyberspace, analysts say.
MISA says the electoral commission should accredit all journalists without conditions.
"Would you like some Marmite on your toast?" "I'd love some."
Amniocentesis is usually conducted at 16 weeks gestation and involves taking fluid from the amniotic sac surrounding the developing fetus by inserting a hollow needle into the mother's uterus.
She had a reaction to the anesthesia she was given prior to plastic surgery.
They navigated sizzling sands in the Middle East, stepped into toxic muck in Bhopal, and precariously maneuvered icy sidewalks in Seoul.
All manner of two-wheeled vehicles whizz along the wide streets of Ougadougou, often speeding around the few cars in the roads.
Come on, I'm not a total wuss.
Why would I want to move from one right-wing hell hole to another?
Birds are a common motif in Yiddish poetry and song.
The crusade against trans healthcare is being waged by politicians and clerics against doctors and biologists.
The term "gender ideology" was invented by the Catholic Church.
It's very easy to tell who is a member of the 4chan right because they all act and talk exactly the same.
Channers are some of the most rigorously conformist people on the planet.
From Hitler to Putin, revanchism has proven time and time again to be a cover for broader imperialist ambitions.
Most Israeli Jews are Mizrahi or Sephardi.
More drag shows need to be protected by armed antifascists.
The fascists are showing up armed, so we better meet them armed.
Americans stole some islands and sold their people's native language.
I have no interest in fighting with anyone; life is too short. But I will defend myself and my communities if need be.
Life's too short for that.
"Do you read Tom's blog?" "Nah; life's too short."
Growing up with one religion is hard enough; why learn a new one?
The sages of the Talmud were not overly fond of the Maccabees.
You have to jiggle the handle to get it to flush.
We're going up that mountain.
Sniffer dogs are being used to identify people infected with the coronavirus, and early trials suggest they are incredibly accurate at detecting the disease.
The lawmakers had put aside 40,000 acres of land the previous year, and planned to earn enough money from it to endow the university.
The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities revealed details of a newly discovered cache of sacred animal mummies, which includes two lion cubs as well as several crocodiles, birds, and cats.
Humans spread many of the more than 340 invasive reptile and amphibian species — as stowaways in cargo or through the exotic pet trade, for instance.
Ivory Coast's National Order of Architects has opened the country’s first professional architecture school, where professors want to instill in students an understanding of the country’s specific building needs and heritage.
Displaying and decorating evergreen trees for Christmas is a tradition said to date back to 16th century Germany.
The TechCrunch exposition in San Francisco is a place where tech start-up companies can meet potential backers for their new products.
A gigantic reservoir of sludge burst on Monday at a metals plant in the town Ajka, about 160 kilometers southwest of Budapest.
Meanwhile, Malawi’s government says it plans to implement the visa-free waiver arrangement starting in January.
It combines concave and convex curves that rise cylindrically, giving the tower a silhouette that will vary depending on the location and angle from which it is viewed.
When the coarse sieve laughs at the fine sieve, the sheepskin rug smiles mischievously.
The coarse sieve mocks the fine sieve, while the sheepskin rug smiles mischievously.
It looks like you just want to mess with me!
You, I would say that you just want to mess with me!
Are birds living fossils?
"Can I get a smile?" "I'm not feeling genuine joy or happiness, so no."
"Can I get a smile?" "No."
"Can I get a smile?" "I've only got one left and I need it; sorry."
Stupid is as stupid does.
Handsome is as handsome does.
"Merry Christmas!" "I'm not a Christian." "So what? It's secular!" "Christians have always thought their religion was universal, and you are merely the latest in a long line of them."
"I want to see you smile." "Be content with what you don't have."
"Merry Christmas!" "I don't celebrate Christmas; I'm not a Christian." "Oh, I didn't know there was anything religious about the holiday." "Now you know. For further information, open a book."
"I didn't know there was anything religious about Christmas." "Wow, how embarrassing. How old are you?"
Enjoy your holiday and stop forcing it on everyone else.
Waikiki was the capital of the Hawaiian Kingdom.
The Pacific is so beautiful.
What's Tom's superpower?
"I worship the Most High." "Snoop Dogg?"
"Can I get a smile?" "I'm all out of those, but I've got plenty of snark."
I hear Tom killed a man.
They say Tom once killed a man.
Tom doesn't eat eggs.
How'd you sleep?
"How'd you sleep?" "Not well."
In the lab of another company, Beyond Meat, scientists re-created a hamburger patty out of proteins from yellow peas, soy and beets for the look of blood.
The roots of ayurvedic medicine go back to the beginning of recorded history in South Asia.
The purpose of antisemitism is to distract people from real power structures.
If you're mature enough to have a child, you're mature enough to have an abortion.
"She's not mature enough to have an abortion." "But she's mature enough to have a child?"
Elon Musk has been courting antisemites because he knows as long as people are distracted by phantom Jewish conspiracies, they won't be focusing on his immense wealth and power.
There can be no peace if national policy adopts as a deliberate instrument the dispersion all over the world of millions of helpless and persecuted wanderers with no place to lay their heads.
Most of the world's media is controlled by a single Australian Christian.
American media doesn't get more mainstream than FOX News.
A Harvard University researcher recently conducted a study that added a pheromone found in younger women to the perfume of older women and found it enhanced their love lives.
Wednesday was the last of four days which are considered to be particularly auspicious for the dip in the river which Hindus regard as sacred.
In 1940, he went to work for filmmaker George Pal, and during World War II worked with director Frank Capra to animate training films for the U.S. military.
Poor weather conditions have hampered attempts to reach the hull of the sunken ship, in the past few days.
Lawson says the bar’s become so popular with women that he’s had to reserve Thursday and Saturday evenings for bachelorette parties.
Rodenbeck believes that the abolishment of these laws would be a sign of real change.
Elon Musk killed high-speed rail in California by making false promises to build something he claimed would be better.
The aisles and checkout area of the Panda supermarket are usually packed with shoppers.
Video games are for children.
"Smile." "Command not found."
"Smile." "Please insert bill."
"Smile." "No thanks; I'm trying to quit."
It's important work that you do.
The work you do is important.
I don't think Tom is that fat. Not that there would be anything wrong with it if he was.
I didn't remember Tom as being that tall.
Want to get some bubble tea?
Do you still talk to Tom at all?
Not every racist country has the same racial classification system.
The experience changed Tom.
The experience changed Tom for good.
You'd think an all-powerful God could take a little blasphemy.
The fortune of Elon Musk began with his Afrikaner family's blood emerald mine.
That place has really good koshary.
You're confusing memes with facts again.
You were going through a lot.
Aside from that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
I don't think he was a native French speaker.
The clinic staff also say severe food shortages has caused a spike in anaemia and malnutrition — especially in children.
But after more than a year in prison, he escaped, further burnishing his legendary status.
The U.S. space agency, NASA, has mapped the massive plume of dust and debris created by the Chelyabinsk meteor that exploded over Russia last February with the force of 30 Hiroshima atom bombs.
The checkerboard tiling and shopworn 1950s decor in Dr. David Mushabac's dental office seem a bit old fashioned, but all the necessities are there: sky-blue swivel chair with headrest, porcelain basin, cotton swabs, and row upon row of sterile metal instruments.
The oceans got even warmer last year than the year before, supercharging already extreme weather patterns worldwide, according to a recent report published in the journal Advances in Atmospheric Sciences.
When sleeping children don't breathe properly, it can lead to serious behavioral and emotional problems, according to a new study.
On calm, clear days, stars and auroras cast green and white light downwards with such intensity that I can occasionally see my shadow and the forms and curves of the ice cap — everything bathed in ghostly colors, the auras of a cold, harsh and indifferent world.
The pandemic is expected to exacerbate an already dire situation — 1 out of 9 people now do not have enough to eat, meaning that 820 million people face sustained hunger.
In a career just barely a decade old, he has been seen and heard on illustrious stages in Vienna, London, Milan, Zurich, New York and Los Angeles — in an array of lyric tenor roles.
Yet I get no repose and I can't even doze without dreaming I'm back on the Beagle.
Chat to your heart's content.
I didn't know roosters crowed all day; I thought it was just at dawn.
Why do roosters crow?
"I'm proud to be an American." "Why would you be proud of something you had no choice over?"
Saying "I love you" in Kabyle is not as easy as in French and English since the expression "ḥemmleɣ-kem", strangely resembling the Polish formula "Kocham Cię" is not so fluid, phonetically speaking. In Russian, it is even more laborious as it is said "Ya tibya lyublyu" (Я тебя люблю)". Finally, the main thing is to claim it with sincerity.
The experience changed Tom for the better.
The experience changed Tom for the worse.
Children are people.
Can you use shampoo as soap?
Those are some pretty birds.
I'm sorry to have disappointed you.
I'm just here to write and translate sentences.
Many of the protesters, who emphasized they are not COVID-19 deniers, are members of the burgeoning "I'm Opening" movement of bar and restaurant owners, who defy curbs, break rules and incur hefty fines for doing so.
A nine-year-old’s story, and that of other young patients, captivate millions — and raises millions of dollars for research.
I'm a neurodivergent furry.
Police said they expected to get court permission to detain the two journalists for up to 15 days while they prepare to charge them for bringing the drone into the country without permission, a violation that could result in a maximum three-year jail sentence.
U.N. agencies are calling for more spending to help Somalia strengthen its resilience against future climate effects and ward off crises such as the current famine-inducing drought.
Forty U.S. states have filed a lawsuit against 20 pharmaceutical companies that make generic drugs, accusing the companies of participating in a scheme to inflate drug prices, sometimes by as much as 1,000%.
On July 27, after a 48 meter excursion, Opportunity’s odometer clicked in at 40.25 kilometers.
He criticized the president for telling crowds not to boo him, but to get their “revenge” by voting.
That game was a real nail-biter!
Punching Nazis is a moral imperative.
Nealson displayed the phenomenon in a time-lapse video that shows Shewanella making a piece of manganese oxide slowly disappear.
First, they load crushed dry ice into a hopper suspended under a big helium balloon.
I love watching dogs at the beach. They're so happy.
Why would you push a dog around in a stroller? That doesn't give them any exercise at all.
Chaya Raichik is a terrorist dispatcher.
That does it for this video.
I don't think that'll make much of a difference.
My wife means the world to me.
I could knock you out with just one punch.
You picked the wrong person to mess with!
Lock him up and throw away the key.
The answer might surprise you.
My laptop keeps overheating.
The right's boogyman used to be called "political correctness"; today, they call it "wokeness."
A winter without snow is no winter at all.
You're laying it on too thick.
Somehow I'm not convinced.
Young Tom would've hated old Tom, and vice versa.
The English word "rooster" came about as a way of avoiding the word "cock."
Where are the coffee beans?
I want to some day be as happy as a dog at the beach.
Christianity and Islam are universalist religions, while Judaism is an ethnic religion.
While Judaism is only the religion of a specific ethnic group, the Jews, Christianity and Islam are both meant to apply to everyone.
Ethnic religions are common among tribal peoples.
One of the moons, Naiad has a tilted orbital plane and circles Neptune in a zig zag, up and down pattern.
This is Africa's Sahara Desert, as seen from the International Space Station's new seven-windowed cupola.
Men In Black II also features Rip Torn, returning as MIB chief "Agent Zed;" notable cameos include a brief appearance by Michael Jackson and star Will Smith does the title song.
Google has become the de facto gatekeeper of the web, an arbiter of what is useful and what should get visibility.
String theory started out quite elegantly and has now grown into something of a mess with five different versions.
I grew up with the internet of the 90s and early 2000s. It was chaotic, irregular, flashy, gaudy, peppered with animated GIFs, but most websites were made by people like you and me who wanted to share their interests and hobbies.
Khat, the red-stemmed, green-leafed plant that is chewed for its amphetamine-like properties, is grown in Kenya and Ethiopia but is very popular in Somalia, Djibouti and Yemen.
Despite well-meaning and often wonderful teachers, I didn't thrive much in a school system that valued test performance and fact-retention over genuine curiosity.
A web server, a public address and an HTML file are all that you need to share your thoughts with anyone in the world.
What would you miss the most? Are there alternatives?
The benefits are debatable, but the long term consequences might be disastrous.
Hardly surprisingly, people are escaping to the countryside as well as flocking to England’s rivers, trying to leave the coronavirus muddle behind them.
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michele Bachelet warned the coronavirus pandemic is likely to widen existing inequalities around the world if left unchecked, with the poor, the disabled, the homeless, minorities, women and elderly among others most at risk.
But the latest study by the Pew Internet and American Life Project confirms that for a lot of people, electronic interaction through the computer has replaced a great deal of social interchange.
In laboratory experiments, the research group tested a variety of essential oils from eight plants, including thyme, basil, peppermint and cinnamon.
Aid organizations anticipate continued flooding will displace about 200,000 people and affect the lives of 485,000 people.
The measure abolishes the two-term limit for presidents and an age limit of 70 for presidential candidates.
Don't get high on your own supply.
Which is hotter: red curry or green curry?
He's a mouse of a man.
Tom doesn't want to admit his alcohol tolerance is low.
Actual pedophiles are the people who benefit most from attempts to smear queer people as "groomers."
Joshua Moon, the owner of Kiwifarms, hosted an imageboard for pedophiles.
A new report from Project Renew, the organization behind the detonation team, highlights how Vietnam has continued to clear bombs, land mines and other ordnance despite COVID-19.
The new German publication of Hitler's political manifesto for the first time after 70 years has sparked a debate about whether it is right to reprint the anti-Semitic work.
The general public has been plunged into darkness and chaos as shortages of electricity, food, and transportation services engulf the country.
The Italian research team behind the study says dogs recognize, and respond accordingly, whether other canines wag their tails to the right or to the left.
A new United Nations report argues that investing in the education, health and well-being of 10-year-old girls will pay huge economic and developmental dividends for societies worldwide.
The new surge coincides with an acute shortage of vaccines in some Indian states, along with the annual Kumbh Mela, or pitcher festival, on the Ganges River, where millions of Hindu devotees bathe to seek absolution, raising fears it could evolve into a superspreader event.
He was bitten by a shark November 5 at Cid Harbour, a large and popular anchorage in the Whitsunday Islands off eastern Australia.
Radiation and convection carry that energy outward to the star's surface and to its atmosphere beyond.
For the first time in its 75-year history, leaders of the United Nations’ 193 member states are delivering their annual speeches on the opening day of the world body’s General Assembly on videotape instead of in person due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thank you very much; that was perfect.
The astronomers suggest that using the validation techniques they developed could help speed up the confirmation of more extrasolar planet candidates.
I felt like I understood him, even though we didn't see eye to eye.
He's a very sympathetic character.
It's both good and bad.
They don't speak any French there.
It's a French restaurant, but nobody there speaks French.
Elves are depicted very inconsistently across fictional universes.
Are you going undercover?
Jokes are funnier when you drag them out.
Complaining is part of a complete revolution.
Everyone working there was stoned out of their mind.
Before I kill you, let me reveal to you my entire evil plan.
Tom is a French-speaking Canadian living in Australia.
Racism is a social problem, not an individual one.
Believing in psychoanalysis in 2022 is deeply unserious.
The Orwellian-named "gender exploratory therapy" is virtually indistinguishable from conversion therapy.
"If being trans isn't a social contagion, why are there more trans people in California than Ohio?" "I'm a trans person from Ohio and can testify that I, too, got out of there for a blue state as soon as I could. It's not rocket science."
"If being trans isn't a social contagion, why are there more trans people in California than Ohio?" "Leelah Alcorn was from Ohio; maybe you should ask her ghost."
Bill Maher is reactionary and unfunny.
Bill Maher hasn't been left of center since the aughts.
Young Bill Maher and old Bill Maher wouldn't be able to stand each other.
Young Tom and old Tom wouldn't be able to stand each other.
Tom was never funny.
Bill Maher was never funny, but his politics used to be far less stodgy.
Tom hasn't been left of center since the aughts.
Tom is reactionary and unfunny.
Kim’s venue choice for his reemergence was relatively mundane: the completion ceremony for a fertilizer plant in Sunchon, a city about 50 kilometers north of the capital, Pyongyang.
There are a lot of challenges now due to the increment of prices.
The women stoop, stretch, strain and sweat to pick the choicest cauliflowers, carrots, beetroot and spinach for the day’s meals.
The first ships are expected to berth at the port in November.
At the Ishikawa Oku Laboratory there has been amazing progress in that direction, such as a robot that can catch a falling egg without breaking it, another one that can tie a knot, and a robot that may not be quite ready for the NBA, but is able to dribble a ball.
"Gender exploratory therapy" is similar to "crisis pregnancy centers," and advocated by the same people.
Amy Russell hopes her 12,000-kilometer, two-year long trek across Africa will raise money for and awareness of the need for clean water.
It would be very funny if obsessed English transphobes broke up the United Kingdom.
They had let me roam the woods, scuffing the dry leaves in autumn, drinking water from the creeks in my cupped hands.
The trigonometric functions sine, cosine, and tangent relate the various sides and angles of a triangle.
Since 1974, U.S. law has required that any covert action by intelligence operatives must be justified in advance by presidential authorization, as detailed in a document called a “finding.”
If one side of a conflict is terrorizing children's hospitals, that's the bad side.
Graham Linehan was once a respected writer. Hate eats you from the inside out.
The fakes and frauds on the left revealed themselves when Putin invaded and occupied Ukraine.
We're humble people.
Have you seen a monster recently?
Homeless people have a right to sleep.
They always head there.
Have you seen a monster around here recently?
Do you have any more weed?
Why is Tom acting like that?
Why are you acting like that?
That's not why we came here.
That's not what we came here for.
Enough with the self-pity.
A schmuck is someone who is easily taken advantage of.
It's the best thing that's ever happened to me.
It's OK, Tom.
Calm down, Tom. It's OK.
There is absolutely no evidence for the claim that Hitler was part Jewish.
The claim that Hitler was part Jewish was a self-serving lie told by a Nazi party official after the end of World War II, and no one has ever been able to corroborate it.
Imagine paying for Twitter.
The insomniac always bows to the absence of sleep.
Several big coal companies have closed recently and the Obama administration has stopped issuing new coal mining leases on public lands.
I'm not some sicko.
I'm not a freak.
That's sure to ruffle some feathers.
Were you wearing a helmet?
My dad was in the military.
Tom is a science fiction writer.
We were destined to meet.
There's no way I'm going to get this done in time.
I've never seen anything remotely supernatural.
All of the bathroom stalls were occupied.
Tom thought someone was pulling a prank on him.
I called out to Tom, but I got no response.
His force was an extremely small and a very mobile one; 3500 men-at-arms—that is, fully armoured gentlemen—were the nucleus of it; 2500 archers accompanied them, and it is remarkable that these archers he mounted.
That's not fair to Tom.
Tom did everything he could to stop Mary from leaving.
The hippocampus is a part of the brain associated with the storage and retrieval of memories.
The suspect is still at large.
Ask her once more.
Ask her one more time.
Tom is in one of his moods again.
This isn't the original. It's a remix.
Where are my reading glasses?
You're not a real doctor.
Tom elbowed me in the face.
Tom gave into peer pressure.
—Will you tell him he can kiss my arse? Myles Crawford said throwing out his arm for emphasis.
My upstairs neighbor flooded my apartment.
The smoke alarm went off.
Tom caught a pigeon with his bare hands.
It's too bad we didn't get that on video.
A number of hikers went missing in the area.
Tom was locked in a gingerbread house and had to eat his way out.
Tom claims to be an expert in several martial arts.
Tom skipped leg day.
Tom wiped his mouth with the tablecloth.
Geologists have complicated matters by suggesting that the Bering Strait wasn’t passable until 10 or 12,000 years ago.
I hereby challenge you to a duel.
My punch didn't land.
The accuracy of his predictions was startling.
Tom was able to describe the room in detail from memory.
Scholars now reject this theory.
Spring is a time of rebirth and regeneration.
Many of them are squatters who live in the barrio's plywood and corrugated metal shacks, as pigs rummage through the garbage for leftovers.
Tom buried the treasure in his backyard.
Tom's ship ran aground.
Astronomers say they have found definitive evidence that White Dwarf stars form crystal cores made of metallic oxygen and carbon. A white dwarf is a star that is in its final phase of dying before becoming a black dwarf, a cold and lifeless hunk of rock, trillions of years later. Scientists expect that, in about 10 billion years, our own Sun will also become a white dwarf and then later a black dwarf star.
He is one of many who have flocked to the Kangari hills in southern Sierra Leone to find small fortunes in the hard graft of alluvial gold mining.
It was November, 1904, when Mr. Fleming filed his patent application for a device he called an "oscillation valve."
In one of Kutandara's studios, three teens are playing marimbas, practicing for a concert where they're the star performers.
Courage is the median between cowardice and foolhardiness.
I was being followed.
Someone was following me.
Someone was following me at the airport.
I know you're following me.
I'm back on their radar again.
They don't belong to any official intelligence agency.
I have not before sent these feelings and thoughts to anybody, but I know that I am speaking to one who by long and deep communion with Nature understands them, and can tell me what is true or false and unworthy in my experiences.
Fast-moving wildfires scorched around 32,000 hectares of land, leaving pastures charred and smoky.
We've seen law enforcement across the country start to take a more modulated approach.
Ventilation systems would need to be overhauled to “minimize recirculating air.”
The malware was stealing private encryption keys and private encryption certificates used to cipher connections and locally stored data.
Today has been a bust... a bummer!
Donning a chic beret, Sezer continues to open his pharmacy to serve the local people, like his family has done for more than century.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, proponent of an independence referendum, responded Tuesday to Johnson’s comments via Twitter.
The sage grouse, a gray and brown bird the size of a large chicken, is diminishing in number and may end up on the U.S. "endangered species" list.
Pat will fill a critical role, leading our efforts to provide timely, accurate information to the media.
I recognize that melody.
The cats are keeping them away.
I love tabby cats.
I'm significantly less jet-lagged now.
That city messes with my head.
I have too many intense memories and feelings, both good and bad, associated with that city.
I have too many intense memories and feelings, both good and bad, associated with Boston.
I was only at the Boston airport for an hour.
Boston messes with my head.
The fact remains that you pay for Twitter.
A second plane has hit the World Trade Center.
"I became an anarchist after living in D.C. for a while." "Yep, that'll do it to you."
"You can't behave uncivilly towards people you disagree with." "That depends entirely on what I disagree with them about. For example, if they believe it's OK to shoot up gay clubs, I have a moral obligation to behave uncivilly towards them at minimum."
Has there ever been a less surprising charge than proud misogynist Andrew Tate being arrested for human trafficking?
Of course he's a trafficker; he openly admits to viewing women as property.
The right loves actual pedophiles like Matt Walsh and human traffickers like Andrew Tate, which is why they treat these crimes as essential characteristics of their enemies requiring no evidence.
I wasn't myself.
I wasn't myself yesterday.
I picked the perfect time not to be in Boston.
Putin's invasion of Ukraine is a simple test that an embarrassing number of people across the political spectrum fail.
The fumes of the wine were mounting steadily to addle his indifferent brains.
I’d better get these out of sight or they’d be a sure giveaway.
"I got a tan." "Sure, a farmer's tan." "That's fine with me."
All lectures are presented so skilfully that one can imagine that Professor Mach's hearers departed from his lecture-room with the conviction that science was a matter for abecedarians.
The W-H-O report says improving adherence to existing treatments may have better results than providing new medical technologies.
On January 20, 2014, Americans use the national holiday to recognize the efforts of the civil rights leader, Rev. Martin Luther King.
The conference is taking place against the backdrop of the devastation wrought by Cyclone Pam last week in Vanuatu.
The notion of a nuclear deterrent came into being during the Cold War, when the focus was on the American and Russian arsenals.
Local music groups in northern Nigeria are being paid to canvass votes for candidates in the gubernatorial race that opens Saturday, two weeks after the presidential polls.
There are ways of reinforcing these old structures to make them safer.
Just try and make me.
That was an awful thing to say.
Frogs are slimy.
Huether said ICC has bought U.S.-made steel, but that imports bridge a gap in supply for high-grade tinplated steel needed for blemish-free lithographic printing his customers demand, adding that the mere threat of tariff-induced price hikes already cost the company a $2 million order.
State Delegate Algie Howell had introduced a bill that would make teenage boys — and hip-hoppers of any age or sex — liable for a $50 fine if their baggy, drooping pants revealed their undergarments.
The researchers also noted a slight increase in the size of some key areas of the brain in the aerobics exercisers.
Scientists have taken a major step toward potentially reversing a common form of blindness.
A surge in fake news around Southeast Asia, particularly bogus COVID-19 information, has prompted leaders to explore a regional crackdown after a suggestion from a Vietnamese security official.
About a third of the world's commercial fish populations are overfished, according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization.
This implant is inserted under the skin of the patient and then delivers the drugs for an extended period of time, for months and potentially years.
No dear, Nature made you so perfectly that this small defect shocks me as being a sign of earthly imperfection.
While demographer Klineberg sees Houston's demographic changes as inevitable, he wonders about how the city — and the country — will eventually handle them.
French President Jacques Chirac's invitation to Mr. Schroeder is being seen in Europe as a gesture of reconciliation, contrasting with the snub of 10 years ago.
I'm still not myself.
I'm still not quite myself.
Tom kissed Cookie on the head.
There were chickens everywhere.
I largely agree with what you said.
What if Zelda was a girl?
If you do everything you can, God will help you with the rest.
It's a thing I've believed before.
It's something I used to believe.
It's something someone told me once.
In that game you play a cat, just exploring the world.
The Yiddish word "feygele," which literally means "little bird," has been used as a homophobic slur since the 20th century, though it has recently been reclaimed by many gay Yiddish speakers.
It takes more than 17 million barrels of oil to meet our demand for bottled water, since most plastics are derived from petroleum.
In a composition called "Adriatica," the sounds of an old diatonic accordion, called an organetto in Italy, are combined with those of the clarinet, the tambourine and the darbuka — the universal drum of the Arab world, found from Morocco to Pakistan.
"Are you insane?" "Yes."
Stock up on canned foods.
Many entities from other dimensions speak to me.
Cookie, why are you so cute?
Cookie, stop being so cute!
It's a self-paced course.
It's self-paced.
At Diack’s eatery on a busy Friday evening, some of his patrons tuck into slow-roasted pork loin with quince and potato mash, grilled apples and brandy butter sauce.
Mr. Haney says the experiments show up some unpleasant truths about how abominably people behave under the right conditions.
Let it be clear that, faced with these abominations, the Church will spare no effort to do all that is necessary to bring to justice whomever has committed such crimes.
In an address Sunday on state television, the president announced a 30-day plan to ration electricity.
Korea is focused on a steadfast alliance with the U.S. and wants a harmonized relationship with China.
Researchers at the University of Sussex are working to pinpoint the molecules responsible for these biochemical changes.
Totila twice defeats the Imperial generals, and retrieves the fortune of the Ostrogoths.
The fact that you can add it on fruit salads, throw it in your gazpacho or use it to garnish a drink is a nice bonus.
As soon as he hit him, he shattered his head.
There's no need for me to tell you.
It will really take you ages to finish your work.
It will really take you a coon's age to finish your work.
Fortune does not smile twice.
Luck does not smile twice.
In Narragansett Bay, Rhode Island, winter flounder no longer reproduce at the rate they used to.
As elsewhere in the world, the region's collection of blogs on the Internet is diverse and amorphous.
The trolls surrounded the party.
But many activists say women have a long way to go before achieving parity and equal rights with men.
He will broach issues like climate change, fighting poverty and sustainable development.
The mediator between the head and the hands must be the heart.
Look! These are your brothers!
I heard their young hearts crying / Loveward above the glancing oar / And heard the prairie grasses sighing: / No more, return no more!
More than 10,000 Asiatic cheetahs roamed in India during the 16th century, as Islamic Mughal Emperor Akbar chronicled.
That’s what a team of researchers at Texas A&M University is working on — to look at brain waves that correlate to different human emotions and ultimately teach that to an autonomous vehicle.
Geez, overdramatic much?
I don't particularly like the quote.
Bazawule lives in Brooklyn but says the story is reminiscent of the tales that he heard as a child in Ghana.
For young children, the right food can be the vitamins and minerals that are a key part of the nourishment they need to grow strong and healthy.
In Torrecilla de la Abadesa, it was a poignant day when Ángela López left the village school and its doors were locked for the last time.
Hundreds of millions of kilometers from earth, a European spacecraft made history Wednesday by successfully landing on the icy, dusty surface of a speeding comet — an audacious first designed to answer big questions about the universe.
It's made up.
It's purely online.
Religion is a funny thing.
Anyone can say anything they want on the Internet.
The good thing about the Internet is that anyone can say anything they want on it. The bad thing about the Internet is that anyone can say anything they want on it.
This is one of my original songs, not a cover.
Hey! Watch what you're doing! You're spraying water everywhere.
Put down the pipe.
Put the pipe down.
I banged my knee on the desk.
The world as we know it never existed.
From today on I wish to be kept precisely informed of my son's every move.
"Ideas don't die." "Correct, because they were never alive."
Things are going to get worse before they get better.
Hash is a type of cannabis concentrate.
Hash oil is a type of cannabis concentrate.
Fatphobia is harmful to the health of fat people.
Fatphobia does not help fat people lose weight.
In a healthy society, there would be no need to monetize any aspect of oneself. In this society, there is such a need.
The cat licked her leg.
Antifa groups have never existed without fascists to resist.
One of the cats threw up in the kitchen and I stepped in it.
One of the cats threw up in the living room and I stepped in it.
One of the cats threw up in the bathroom and I stepped in it.
The new ways threaten the old ways.
"Me ogre! Me club big club, bam!" "He's not very smart, is he?" "Well, how's your Ogrish?"
The Dark Lord will continue to resurrect unless we go to the Dark World and defeat him there.
A clan of fairies lives under there.
Leave the goblins alone and they'll usually leave you alone.
I'm red-green colorblind.
This shows that the central banks are not going to sit idly by and watch conditions deteriorate in the financial markets and the economy.
The Green Schools Initiative encourages communities to design or renovate schools with environmental principles in mind, including energy efficiency, non-toxic cleaning supplies and environmental education.
In retrospect, the MERS outbreak in South Korea could have been more effectively contained if the first patient, who contracted the deadly virus during a trip to the Middle East, was correctly diagnosed and immediately quarantined when he first went to a hospital emergency room in Seoul.
This year, investigators in New York and Australia began a clinical trial involving a therapy to treat patients with Parkinson's disease, a neuro-degenerative illness that causes severe tremors, muscle rigidity and poor coordination.
The team then was able to find the first evidence of a common amphibious forefather of modern sea cows, hyraxes and elephants that lived 65 million years ago in shallow African waters.
It's a bit unclear how long it takes poly-styrene based products like Styrofoam to decompose.
We got hooked on it, the excitement, the dramatics and the whole thing.
Musicians around the world are being creative about performing and honing their craft while stuck at home.
The show also features the Soil Lamp, by another Dutch designer, Marieke Staps, that operates on the electrolytic energy contained in damp soil enclosed in copper and zinc cells. Only a splash of water now and then is needed to "recharge" the soil.
Inflammatory bowel diseases, such as Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis, are extremely painful and can lead to colorectal cancer.
Oh, how fun!
Ron Paul will make anime real.
Senior Hamas official Fathi Hammad called for the murder of Jews in the Diaspora in 2019. Hamas's public relations department distanced itself from the remarks, but Hammad did not lose his position of power even temporarily, nor was he sanctioned in any way.
Hamas is allied with the Houthis, a movement who ethnically cleansed Yemen's last remaining indigenous Jewish community.
Hamas, the Houthis, and their masters are not anti-Zionist; they want to kill Jews everywhere.
They envisage using the eagles against drones that fly into restricted air space, or above a public event.
Organizational psychologist Cathleen Swody expects that transitioning back to the office will be more challenging than switching to full time telework at the start of the pandemic in spring of 2020.
Recent studies suggest that the deposition of amyloid might happen several years before symptoms of memory impairment begin in somebody with Alzheimer’s disease.
Americans treat politics like a sport and sports like politics.
Americans treat politics like a sport.
The "Scorpion," a Soviet-built submarine that tracked U.S. vessels across the Pacific Ocean during the Cold War is slowly rusting in Long Beach harbor.
Americans used to treat politics like a sport; today, we treat it like a video game.
I don't believe in destiny anymore.
I tiptoe to the kitchen to get a glass of water, careful not to wake my sleeping family members.
Let's go to the bar.
What time is the social?
Look to your left. Look to your right. Haha, made you look twice!
Is it a queer bar?
Soaring and volatile food prices have experts warning of recurring food crises, putting poor people — especially women and children — at risk.
I'm a banana.
In Normandy such wreaths are a protection against thunder and thieves; and stalks of mugwort hinder witches from laying their spells on the butter.
I wouldn’t profess myself to be an avid follower of the Ellen show, though I do watch it on occasion when I’m in the US.
The Globe is where many of the Bard's [Shakespeare's] works were first performed more than 400 years ago.
Like millions of other women, she lost her job last year during a stringent lockdown because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
This must be that one.
It has to be these ones.
This must be those ones.
This must be those.
The elves are dying out.
The domestic dragon is all that remains of the wild wyrm.
You pay for Twitter.
Years back, I had a coronary vasospasm that could have led to a heart attack.
"We're so excited," said the president of the Springfield, Vt., Chamber of Commerce, and the state governor was moved to exclaim, "This is an exciting, exhilarating moment."
On the Issus, an insect common in European gardens, the opposing hind legs lock together like gears in a car, so that the legs move almost simultaneously—within one millionth of a second of each other.
Born in New York to poor Jewish parents, Friedman displayed brilliance in mathematics at a young age, winning a scholarship to Rutgers University in neighboring New Jersey.
In a homogeneous country where 85 percent of people are of the same ethnicity, most of them Buddhist, tourism is a key way to expose locals to people from a variety of backgrounds.
After World War II, many employers hired women as temporary workers in clerical jobs.
This is a 30 percent increase since 2016 and the situation on the ground does not auger well for the future.
The report said "opacity, corruption, and weak processes keep citizens from fully benefiting from their countries' resource wealth."
There's an encampment of orcs on the way.
A troll lives under that bridge.
We're both Jewish.
Only one of us is Jewish.
We're both Canadian.
Only one of us is Canadian.
Jurors were repeatedly warned not to research the case outside the parameters of what was presented during the trial.
And then, Oh, my! how his heart went pitter-pat, for right in front of him, not forty hops away, sat Danny Fox on a three legged stool smoking a corncob pipe.
Barns that have survived have become romantic landmarks and nostalgic curiosities. Thousands have been put to non-agricultural uses as historic museums, antique shops, firehouses and bed-and-breakfast inns. Preservationists are pleased that these relics have been rescued. But almost always, something is missing from this happy picture: a cornfield or a pasture.
Push me so that I can pull you!
He found his soul mate.
He found the right shoe for his foot.
Everyone has their own problems.
It doesn't need a label.
We don't need to label it.
One caveat is that the levels of CFC in the planet's atmosphere would have to be 10 times higher than here on Earth.
It seems impossible to separate by any exact line the genuine writings of Plato from the spurious.
Thousands of people made homeless by Italy's deadliest earthquake in 30 years celebrated a somber Easter on Sunday.
Rumors are abounding that Japanese icon Hideki Matsui, who is now a free agent after years with the Yomiuri Giants, might be leaving Japan to play for an American team.
We looked at their brain during this word task and, lo and behold, that area in the left frontal lobe lit up much more than other people when they were trying to do this task.
The lovebirds featured in the 2011 film “Rio″ are Spix’s macaws, which are native to a different region of Brazil and possibly extinct in the wild.
Two groups of mice were fed diets containing either 0.5 percent or one percent phosphate, levels roughly equivalent to normal amounts consumed in a human diet.
Chinese herbal medicine shops in Taiwan are struggling to survive because of a quirk in Taiwanese law.
While ingredients and conditions for storms forming over the Indian Ocean differ from the catalysts that can precipitate storms over the Atlantic, climate specialists are hoping to enhance the predictability and understanding of tropical storm formation in general.
Early blurry images showed an oblong shaped object nearly 35 kilometers long and more than 14 kilometers wide.
All right-wingers do is make things up and get mad about them.
Wokeness is as real as the Doctors' Plot and the Röhm Putsch, and serves the same purpose.
Ron DeSantis defined wokeness as the belief that systemic injustices exist and that they should be remedied.
I'm holding out for the perfect pair of sex chromosomes.
How do you know what my chromosomes are?
You know, I think I've gone my whole life without observing a single person's karyotype.
Oh my God, what a cute little birb!
Underground or aboveground travel would be immune to weather changes and collisions and would require little energy.
The U.N. Children's Fund says thousands of children in the Central African Republic are acutely malnourished.
Only the biggest clownfish in an anemone is a female, and if she disappears, the biggest male turns into a female and takes up her role of egg-layer.
Last year 240,000 enrolled on various tertiary courses, up from 180,000 in 2008.
In hindsight, it appeared to be an attempt to strengthen Nixon’s lead in the election.
This engineered chromosome belongs to yeast, but experts say it can help them understand how genes work in humans as well.
Among the 250 shark species that may be threatened by the fin trade are hammerheads, the plankton-eating basking shark and the spiny dogfish.
Some Central Asian residents remain skeptical of the project, while others anticipate it will be an economic boon for the region.
The antibiotic Colistin is known as a medicine of "last resort," used to save people's lives when all other drugs have failed.
The roller-coaster ride continued in financial markets, with sharp swings rocking major indexes from Asia, Europe and North America.
Being "a mutt" is the most pure and natural state a dog can be in.
Dog breeds were artificially created fairly recently, and are subject to all sorts of hereditary diseases.
Mutts aren't usually crosses between purebreds.
Mutts existed before "purebreds."
"So, what are we, exactly?" "I don't think it needs a label."
Tom always wears mismatched socks.
As part of his push to boost trade with Africa, Johnson pledged an overhaul of Britain’s visa system, with an end to free movement of EU citizens after Brexit.
Years ago, the elves in that forest were cursed.
The utility of a thing grows less as the quantity of it increases, and it is the utility of the last increment of supply, or the marginal utility, that determines the subjective value of the whole supply, and it is the ratios between these subjective values that determine exchange values.
At the worst of times — like in the middle of a pandemic, when leaders can’t meet in person to hash out important issues — diplomacy can be excruciating.
Plastic bags blemish rural and urban scenery, damage ground water and soils, and choke livestock and fish, entangle birds and threaten animals in general.
I don't want to be this way.
I can't tell what it is I'm being accused of.
According to local media, the "technical snag" that prompted the postponement of the launch was a fuel leak in the rocket.
Every little drop and dribble of news about him — and they have been mere drops and dribbles since he retired — has made headlines.
His work demonstrated how groups of plants could create conditions for a sand dune to become a living forest.
Rather than posing queries that would allow a witness to go off on a tangent, prosecutors tend to ask sharp-edged questions and often confront subjects with documents and testimony from other witnesses.
We’re also exploring technologies that reduce the potential for covert data collection.
I deeply regret becoming a member of your club.
The elderly woman in front of me in the checkout line took forever to pay for her groceries.
The Cyrillic alphabet was designed for Slavic languages.
Tom takes his notes in Tengwar.
If you liked the video, then please remember to smash that "like" button. Also, for the algorithm, consider leaving a comment. It isn't much, of course, but it helps. Oh, and if you're feeling generous, you could always subscribe, in which case you should also tap the "bell" icon to enable notifications. Oh, and I almost forgot—I also have a Patreon that you might consider supporting for as little as two dollars a month.
Tom broke the child's toy on purpose.
"Hey, what's going on with Tom's big party this Friday? I heard it got canceled." "No, it's most likely happening."
Sales are dropping, and it’s most likely happening due to an increase in competition.
The opposite of transgender is cisgender.
"Goy" is just the Hebrew word for "gentile."
Similar bad-faith arguments are made against the words "goy" and "cis."
Trans people didn't invent the prefix "cis-."
The prefix "cis-" has meant the opposite of "trans-" for a very long time.
People who say you can't just add new pronouns to English are, shockingly, usually also somehow upset at trans people using the existing rules of the English language to derive the word "cisgender."
The word "gentile" is just a Latin translation of the Hebrew word "goy."
Tom has a Manichean outlook on global politics.
I dare you.
Mashups often have the energy of shitposts.
A fascist coup attempt is underway in Brazil.
Where there are fascists in Latin America, you can bet the CIA is involved.
In America, the anti-democracy right is represented by the Republican Party, while the pro-democracy right is represented by the Democratic Party.
They tarnished the village's reputation.
They took a shit at the fountain.
Tom's career was onwards and upwards from there.
I'm not for abolishing the entire police department.
Much of the country remains in the grip of powerful local warlords with private armies to enforce their writ.
Saturday, a search plane spotted debris, including a wooden shipping pallet, although it was not clear whether the pallet came from a passing ship.
By April 1970, man had already landed on the moon and the public's interest in the space program began to wane.
Zimbabwe's new COVID-19 lockdown includes a curfew, a ban on intercity travel, and a vaccination blitz aimed at border towns and vendors.
I have heard fifty versions, some credible, some plain fable.
And then Marie-Celeste proceeded to narrate at length her unexpected encounter with Ted under the apple-tree.
Dead tongues, Greek and Latin, have been revived to replenish our verbal population with the terms needed for the sciences.
He refused to enter into any commercial dealings that might implicate him in the existing system, and warp his feelings in favour of it.
There was absolutely nothing that proved any intention on the part of Ferdinand to commit himself to overt treason.
"Are you a fairy?" "Ugh... yes." "Do you grant wishes?" "I can't even grant my own wish of being left alone."
I was once a fairy princess, but then I lost my whole kingdom.
Races don't exist objectively.
Prostitution is the oldest profession.
Sex work is known as the oldest profession.
I've gone through a lot, but I had a privileged upbringing.
Progressive policies like universal healthcare are overwhelmingly popular in the United States, but the system is rigged in favor of right-wing oligarchs.
It's strange and sad to see American right-wing propaganda being increasingly adopted by other countries.
The Catholic Church has yet to answer for colonialism.
I'll take you to my favorite dive bar.
I'm afraid of everything.
We're Mormons.
I'm a Jehovah's Witness.
We meet at the Unitarian church on Park Street.
I'm one of three siblings.
I watched all three seasons in one night.
What are the symptoms of cat scratch fever?
It's the same thing in a new disguise.
You dropped your bracelet.
Jordan Peterson wasn't ever famous until he started ranting about pronouns.
"What do you do?" "I'm a poet." "No, I mean for work."
Senator Jackson has an office in Boston.
Opiates are the religion of the people.
I'm stuck here in Boston for a few days.
I'm stranded here in Boston for the time being.
We're living on stolen land.
Smite his hard heart, and shake his reptile soul.
He said the provision would also involve a laborious and complicated legal process, including amending constitutional provisions and other electoral laws.
Eric Post, a professor of biology at Penn State University and leader of the study team, says previous research has focused on the non-living or abiotic effects of global warming on the Arctic, including the melting of sea ice and subsequent rises in seawater levels.
Abolitionism was an effort to end slavery and the slave trade.
If he's not there, yell back for him.
So, if a La Nina occurs we might see just a little bit of attenuation of what we have been seeing, which is record temperatures year after year after year globally.
It shouldn't take long.
That's the best part of my job.
Go ahead and do the work.
It's from 1993.
This isn't what I would choose to do on a Saturday night.
Isn't it ironic?
The weather doesn't care about us.
The sea doesn't care about us.
Space doesn't care about any of us.
This orchid mimics the shape and colors of a pansy flower to attract pollinators that normally go to a pansy.
In all, the auditor general said his office uncovered $170 million in funds misused from the national budget.
Dutch barns, for instance, had gable roofs — and often a cupola for ventilation.
We have also told the state government to restore peace and public order in order to create conditions congenial to a dialogue process.
I wonder if this is a dream.
This must be a dream.
I just realized I'm dreaming.
You gotta do it.
I've never been to a funeral like that one.
You gotta do what you gotta do.
Oh shit, fuck yeah, I'm dreaming! Bye motherfuckers, it's time to fly!
Protect trans kids.
It's OK to be gay, kids.
It's OK to be trans, kids.
Growing up as a queer kid, I had no support whatsoever from school, from teachers, or from most other kids, and I felt isolated and fundamentally bad. I'm glad things have changed, but disgusted by the reactionary movement that has risen up against the practice of supporting and affirming queer kids.
The Nazis burned the library of the Institut für Sexualwissenschaft, which conducted some of the earliest formal research into gender variance.
Adolf Hitler considered Magnus Hirschfeld, an early researcher into gender reassignment, to be "the world's most dangerous Jew."
If you're participating in a moral panic about trans people, you've got at least one thing in common with the Nazis.
When was the last time Britain had an election?
People who talk about suicide often do go ahead and do it, despite popular myth.
I've lost two friends to suicide. One of them talked about it, the other didn't, and they both ended up in the same place.
The thing about oppression causing an increase in suicides is that it's entirely preventable.
American right-wingers like Tucker Carlson readily admit to seeing the current U.S. as the Weimar Republic, which means they view themselves as the new Nazis.
The "anti-woke" propaganda being imported into your country's media comes straight from actual fascists.
I've lost three friends to suicide.
The trans suicide rate decreases substantially with family and community support.
Scotland shall be free.
Remember that awkward moment when it turned out Boris Johnson had written a deeply antisemitic novel, right in the middle of a campaign focused on Labour's antisemitism?
They're called treats for a reason.
The UK's ruling regime has made the sudden decision not to recognize the GRCs of any country with laxer standards than the UK. Since it previously recognized the GRCs of such countries without issue, and since it only decided to do this after Scotland lowered its standards, the root of this decision can only be contempt for Scottish autonomy.
The way reactionaries are making queer kids feel right now is unconscionable.
Kids right now are learning that there are no adults.
Graham Linehan's seething obsession with trans women cost him his marriage.
Attempting to eliminate gay and trans people is a fundamentally flawed goal, as we will keep being born no matter what.
The term "TERF," which stands for "trans-exclusionary radical feminist," was coined by a cis radical feminist.
That's just replacement theology.
Citric acid used to give me migraines.
I'm on disability.
Hogwarts Legacy is about some antisemitic caricatures kidnapping babies, if you're wondering whether you can skip it.
Don't be so open-minded that your brain falls out.
We don't yet know which stars were formed in the same nebula as our sun.
There's nobody by that name in this star system.
Many Jews from Kurdistan speak Aramaic.
Why is it like that?
It looks alive.
It looks like it's alive.
I learned it on impulse.
It's deeply problematic.
It's a generalization.
I write fantasy.
I'm writing a space opera.
I play guitar in a psychedelic rock band.
I watch too much TV.
I'm a farmer by trade.
I'm a copy editor.
I'm a barista.
We protect ourselves.
We protect each other.
Taxation of the rich is repossession of stolen wealth.
Taxation is the milquetoast, middle-of-the-road alternative to giving billionaires the old Romanov treatment. It's a compromise.
The Republicans' narrow majority in the House is seemingly laser-focused on shielding those involved in the fascist coup attempt of January 6, 2020.
"I have no ideology." "And I have no accent."
I am the sum of my experiences.
I live on a space station orbiting Neptune.
"If we started moderating this site, your own edgy posts might get removed as well." "That's a very small price to pay."
Most abuse occurs within the nuclear family.
The Catholic Church is indisputably a bigger danger to children than trans people are.
This is the result of many years of pent up anger and frustration.
It's a grift.
Leave trans kids alone.
It's time to graduate to the big leagues.
Give the land back.
Conservatives are sacrificing trans children to keep the boogyman away.
Tom is still afraid of the boogyman.
What can we do to ensure we have the edge over our competitors?
"All," "no," and "many" are quantifiers.
"I'm a Canadian just like you. I pay my taxes—" "I don't pay my taxes." "Oh."
The king is my brother.
Misreadings are a great creative source.
Tom died without telling anyone his secret recipe.
We cannot mistake absolutism for principle, or substitute spectacle for politics, or treat name-calling as reasoned debate.
The spirit of liberty had fled, and, avoiding the abodes of civilized man, had sought protection in the wilds of Scythia or Scandinavia.
Abolitionists believed slavery was evil, and that there could be no compromise with evil.
We tell them that if anyone aborts a girl child, we will not hesitate to initiate legal action.
One of the few jobs available for young men is to become a wheelbarrow pusher.
The first time I was exposed to drag as a child was when I watched Bugs Bunny.
For those on the lower rungs of the economic ladder, cheek-by-jowl living is the grim reality and staying two meters apart is not an option.
The working ants love the flowers and take them home, one petal at a time.
Some legislators believe that important details of the contract, like collateral for the loans, are still missing.
Although temperatures eased on Monday, the respite is likely to be brief.
Antonio Alcala has spent over a decade creating a single postage stamp.
He opened his eyes so wide without managing to see her.
He had his eyes wide open, but didn't see her.
Now you're speaking my language.
This could have been an email.
Your local animal shelter may offer TNR (trap-neuter-release), a program where you humanely trap stray animals, take them in, have them neutered or spayed, and then release them back onto the street.
While some countries are in position to reap a 'demographic dividend,' others must prepare to care for a much older population.
They are now drawing lessons to make sure that rumors and misinformation will never again scuttle a vital health campaign.
The annual reconnaissance of the Great Barrier Reef off northeastern Australia has produced tens of thousands of images.
One month later, the 28-year-old real-estate saleswoman said her world had collapsed.
O’Callaghan believes making art accessible online will be a growing trend for museums, and says the galleries plan to digitize every work of art added to the collection in the coming years.
While feeding on citrus leaves, the bug infests them with bacteria that clog the tree’s capillary system, slowly choking it to death.
Things like the ‘morning-after pill’ can just be reclassified as an abortifacient instead of as a contraceptive.
The amount of stimulation or electrical excitation of the natural tissue that's been required to date is also a significant challenge.
Astronauts from the U.S. space shuttle Atlantis are now halfway through the four spacewalks needed to mount the truss and string cables through it.
A colorful bike share revolution is taking over on the streets, helping ease traffic snarl and keeping the air cleaner.
Unfortunately, Tom took his recipe to the grave.
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
Veteran Spanish golfer Sergio Garcia finally captured his first major title in a sudden death playoff over Britain's Justin Rose.
He is genuinely ambivalent about running for president again.
There is even a hint of Smith's spirit in a lot of the music Americans revere today.
The exemption would legalize possession of up to 4.5 grams of opioids, cocaine and methamphetamine.
Despite its relative inhospitality, life abounded there.
Cyber experts say hundreds of thousands of viruses and malware bombard personal computers every day.
I commend the parties and their respective leadership for their commitment to constructively negotiate and successfully reach this agreement.
Any restoration will have to consider the artistic and ecclesiastical heritage of Notre Dame.
Paul's purpose in this epistle is to show Christians that these sublime and divine mysteries are absolutely beyond all human thought, human understanding or wisdom.
She plays a timid, caring but nonetheless controversial 1950s London housewife who is also a back-alley abortionist.
Here we are in the reign of mediocrity!
This is the reign of mediocrity!
Only dead fish go with the current.
Near duplicates are not a problem that affects anyone; hate speech is.
The worst thing that can result from near duplicates is frustration or boredom; the worst thing that can result from hate speech is genocide.
Many disagree.
He's a strange pirate. Instead of a parrot on his shoulder, he always has a cat.
I ordered us both purses.
It's a personal attack.
I feel personally attacked by this.
Some members of parliament are threatening to censure her if she does not resign from both the parliament and the Cabinet.
A visit to the beach provides a respite from the security checks and bustle of the Olympic Park.
I don't know the right way to go about it.
Tom follows a band around in a van with Mary, John, and Alice.
That pot-bellied, belligerent green ogre is back for yet another animated adventure.
A military veteran shows how his compost business helps to replenish precious topsoil.
Collateral damage caused by the strikes is fueling militancy in the region.
A lot of the smuggled narcotics — hash, amphetamines and cocaine — is destined for the lucrative markets of Europe.
He hasn't voted for a Republican since the Reagan years. I don't know what he saw in Reagan, honestly.
A cheating scandal threatens to blemish the university's reputation for excellence.
A last-minute snag forced the cancellation of a prisoner swap.
The administration altered decades of policy and compelled states to opt in to the program.
The president has voiced a wide range of often contradictory views.
What are you not hiding from us, O snow!
Whether you like it or not, everything you do makes a political statement. Even not doing anything at all.
You don't have to like me.
There are 28 grams in an American ounce.
An American ounce is 28 grams.
This beer is a little heady.
Tom has a rapacious appetite.
Since being revived, Tom has had a rapacious appetite tor flesh.
Tom is acting fiendish.
Southwest Airlines has promised to reimburse passengers for expenses such as hotels and car rentals in addition to refunding tickets, after it canceled thousands of flights due to a massive winter storm.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said economic growth is a prerequisite for creating new jobs.
Ahmad Alkarkhi has started painting with a whole new color palette since he came to the U.S.
There is nothing superfluous, there is nothing lacking in nature's inventions.
Germany outright bans any speech that overtly promotes racism or insults a certain segment of the population.
Nintendo also began developing arcade games, and then game systems that could be played at home.
A new study has found that males of short stature are at increased risk of losing their hair prematurely, in addition to a number of other health conditions.
Unfortunately, scant attention is being paid by the outside world to the appalling predicament of the civilians trapped in these areas.
Scotland has the right to self-determination.
Scottish people have the right to self-determination.
Farmers raising alpacas for their fleece are a growing segment of the U.S. agriculture industry.
Tourists are starting to converge on Washington for one of the capital's greatest Springtime celebrations, the blooming of the cherry trees.
Scotland voted against Brexit.
Scotland may soon be returning to the EU.
I want some of whatever you're smoking.
If there was height-altering surgery, I'd have signed up for it a long time ago.
The Tory government made up a last-minute excuse for why it was taking the unprecedented step of blocking a Scottish bill.
Martin Luther King, Jr. carried a gun for self-defense.
"I'm so lucky, what a blessing; but I'm just doing my own thing, oh my God!" says Alycia Nabeth in her famous song "Amxix-iw".
Tom will die before he tells you anything.
It's very easy to sacrifice someone else's health for your ability to "live your life."
The scientists examined mercury levels in the men by studying toenail particles from the men’s feet.
For more than eight years, the Security Council has authorized humanitarians to cross from Turkey into northwest Syria, bringing on average 600 trucks each month with food, medicine and other essentials.
Trucks let off steam and cars hoot as the traffic intensifies.
Trademark protection extends only to national borders.
A song urging Cameroonians not to relent in the fight against malaria blasted through speakers Saturday — World Malaria Day — at road junctions and popular neighborhoods, as well as from publicity vans driving through Cameroon’s capital, Yaounde.
The FAO says agroforestry is a significant source of local commodities, such as timber and fruit, and fodder for livestock.
Doppler radar is an increasingly important tool to study weather.
The bank’s recommendation is to make remittance fees small and categorize the services as “essential” to avoid families falling into severe poverty.
Next to Franklin's portrait is a tan quill and bronze-color inkwell, with the Liberty Bell drawn inside.
More recently, blockbuster franchises and streaming platforms have placed women at the center of the action, saving the day with their strength and ingenuity.
Remember when the Catholic Church forged a document giving itself power over the Roman Empire?
"Why are you opining on British politics when you're American?" "Why did England just block an act of the Scottish parliament when they're English? Don't you think that's much more egregious and serious?"
It's legal here.
The right is extremely coordinated globally.
The global left is not coordinated on the same level as the global right, despite propaganda to the contrary.
He will equal the dog in servitude.
Everyone you talk to is an ape.
The cord rotted out.
If the bill advances to the House, it would mark the second time a bipartisan group of senators tried to secure money for the semiconductor industry.
Under the stratified system of government in this country of 7.3 million people, parliamentary elections are not able to bring about significant changes.
In the hummingbird the wishbone is light and weak and so short that it does not come near the sternum.
Not long ago Mr. Marconi invented a telegraphic instrument based upon his discovery that the magnetic hysteresis of iron can be annulled by electric oscillations.
Almost all patients require corrective eyewear after cataract surgery.
She's a little female puffin that has lived in the same crevice her whole life.
There is also some evidence that people who stay up all night even suffer temporary drops in their IQ.
Even the most fastidious among us provides a home for about one trillion of the tiny organisms, comprising about one-twentieth of our body weight!
Yet she did not utter a word in allusion to it.
These works in stone, ceramic, wood and metal range from highly abstracted, minimalist representations of temples and houses to elaborate architectural complexes populated with figures.
Sex without love is possible and often fun.
The number 420 symbolizes cannabis.
You asked.
You're the one with sex on the brain.
You write a lot about that.
Tom looks much better with the beard.
Tom has a philosopher's beard.
I've never been to Southern Australia.
Could you hold this?
Hold this open.
Here, hold this.
Could you hold this open for me?
Humans are the worst apes.
In many U.S. states, it's easier to become a cop than to become a barber.
Conversion therapy is torture.
I don't think DNA has pronouns.
DNA's pronoun is it.
Knee replacement surgery has over ten times the regret rate of trans surgeries.
Renowned Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli is giving a ‘Music for Hope’ solo performance Sunday (April 12) at the Duomo, the historic cathedral of Milan, Italy.
Ginger — whether it's fresh, powdered or pickled — adds zest to all sorts of dishes.
We will also not waver in our values and our principles as a nation.
This really made them more vulnerable, because they were scampering into the nearest thicket to take cover, maybe thinking those were police officers coming.
Candidates must be duly nominated by the electoral commission.
Pope Francis says the Roman Catholic Church should start considering whether to let married men serve as priests in order to address a shortage of clergy, especially in remote areas.
More than just brute force is needed to bring down the violence.
Meanwhile, house parties and bar nights in college towns across the country are sparking outbreaks that make public health officials wince.
They've compiled this huge binder database of lots of people in and around this area who have volunteered.
Inside the box is a jumble of yellowed and crinkly paper.
If bears are dangerous, why are they friend-shaped?
You, you really believe that in this life "You can have everything right now."
You really believe that in this life "everything comes at once".
They are crunchy, and they're high in protein, vitamins and minerals, but for some people, none of that will be enough to overcome the idea of eating insects.
One dividend of that strategy was a huge increase in audience for the State Department’s Farsi-language Instagram account, according to Gabriel Noronha, who ran its Farsi social media channels from late 2019 to late 2020.
A team of researchers led by University of Oxford public health professor Nazur Islam examined changes to life expectancy in 37 upper-middle- and high-income countries, using the years between 2005 and 2019 as a benchmark, and compared the ages of the deceased to their life expectancies.
Pew surveyor Katerina Eva Matsa said this falls in line with years of research on political attitudes toward news media in general.
My mother always sniffs under her arms when it is hot and humid, to make sure her deodorant is working.
The pink flamingo — a symbol of American leisure beloved by some but reviled by others as the epitome of bad taste — is in trouble.
New Hampshire — in the northeast area called New England — is the "Granite State" because of that colorful rock.
Among the preliminary findings: women with dense breasts have a greater proportion of epithelium, that is, tissue composed of cells that line the milk and duct glands.
A mind-controlled artificial hand with near-natural dexterity is very close to reality.
Not a soul was visible on the hedgeless highway, or on either side of it, and the white road seemed to ascend and diminish till it joined the sky.
This ancient track ran east and west for many miles, and down almost to within living memory had been used for driving flocks and herds to fairs and markets. But it was now neglected and overgrown.
Being optimistic could lengthen your life, a new study suggests.
The boy had never before strayed so far north as this from the nestling hamlet in which he had been deposited by the carrier from a railway station southward, one dark evening some few months earlier, and till now he had had no suspicion that such a wide, flat, low-lying country lay so near at hand, under the very verge of his upland world.
The whole northern semicircle between east and west, to a distance of forty or fifty miles, spread itself before him; a bluer, moister atmosphere, evidently, than that he breathed up here.
Not far from the road stood a weather-beaten old barn of reddish-grey brick and tile.
It was known as the Brown House by the people of the locality.
He was about to pass it when he perceived a ladder against the eaves; and the reflection that the higher he got, the further he could see, led Jude to stand and regard it.
On the slope of the roof two men were repairing the tiling.
He turned into the ridgeway and drew towards the barn.
When he had wistfully watched the workmen for some time he took courage, and ascended the ladder till he stood beside them.
"Well, my lad, and what may you want up here?" "I wanted to know where the city of Christminster is, if you please." "Christminster is out across there, by that clump. You can see it—at least you can on a clear day. Ah, no, you can't now."
The other tiler, glad of any kind of diversion from the monotony of his labour, had also turned to look towards the quarter designated.
"You can't often see it in weather like this," he said. "The time I've noticed it is when the sun is going down in a blaze of flame, and it looks like—I don't know what."
The boy strained his eyes also; yet neither could he see the far-off city.
He descended from the barn, and abandoning Christminster with the versatility of his age he walked along the ridge-track, looking for any natural objects of interest that might lie in the banks thereabout.
When he repassed the barn to go back to Marygreen he observed that the ladder was still in its place, but that the men had finished their day's work and gone away.
It was waning towards evening; there was still a faint mist, but it had cleared a little except in the damper tracts of subjacent country and along the river-courses.
He thought again of Christminster, and wished, since he had come two or three miles from his aunt's house on purpose, that he could have seen for once this attractive city of which he had been told.
But even if he waited here it was hardly likely that the air would clear before night.
Yet he was loth to leave the spot, for the northern expanse became lost to view on retreating towards the village only a few hundred yards.
He ascended the ladder to have one more look at the point the men had designated, and perched himself on the highest rung, overlying the tiles.
He might not be able to come so far as this for many days.
People said that, if you prayed, things sometimes came to you, even though they sometimes did not.
He then seated himself again, and waited.
In the course of ten or fifteen minutes the thinning mist dissolved altogether from the northern horizon, as it had already done elsewhere, and about a quarter of an hour before the time of sunset the westward clouds parted, the sun's position being partially uncovered, and the beams streaming out in visible lines between two bars of slaty cloud.
The boy immediately looked back in the old direction.
Some way within the limits of the stretch of landscape, points of light like the topaz gleamed.
The air increased in transparency with the lapse of minutes, till the topaz points showed themselves to be the vanes, windows, wet roof slates, and other shining spots upon the spires, domes, freestone-work, and varied outlines that were faintly revealed.
It was Christminster, unquestionably; either directly seen, or miraged in the peculiar atmosphere.
The spectator gazed on and on till the windows and vanes lost their shine, going out almost suddenly like extinguished candles.
The vague city became veiled in mist.
Turning to the west, he saw that the sun had disappeared.
The foreground of the scene had grown funereally dark, and near objects put on the hues and shapes of chimaeras.
He anxiously descended the ladder, and started homewards at a run, trying not to think of giants, Herne the Hunter, Apollyon lying in wait for Christian, or of the captain with the bleeding hole in his forehead and the corpses round him that remutinied every night on board the bewitched ship.
He knew that he had grown out of belief in these horrors, yet he was glad when he saw the church tower and the lights in the cottage windows, even though this was not the home of his birth, and his great-aunt did not care much about him.
But his dreams were as gigantic as his surroundings were small.
And the city acquired a tangibility, a permanence, a hold on his life, mainly from the one nucleus of fact that the man for whose knowledge and purposes he had so much reverence was actually living there; not only so, but living among the more thoughtful and mentally shining ones therein.
In sad wet seasons, though he knew it must rain at Christminster too, he could hardly believe that it rained so drearily there.
Whenever he could get away from the confines of the hamlet for an hour or two, which was not often, he would steal off to the Brown House on the hill and strain his eyes persistently; sometimes to be rewarded by the sight of a dome or spire, at other times by a little smoke, which in his estimate had some of the mysticism of incense.
Then the day came when it suddenly occurred to him that if he ascended to the point of view after dark, or possibly went a mile or two further, he would see the night lights of the city.
The project was duly executed.
It was not late when he arrived at the place of outlook, only just after dusk, but a black north-east sky, accompanied by a wind from the same quarter, made the occasion dark enough.
He was rewarded; but what he saw was not the lamps in rows, as he had half expected.
No individual light was visible, only a halo or glow-fog overarching the place against the black heavens behind it, making the light and the city seem distant but a mile or so.
He had heard that breezes travelled at the rate of ten miles an hour, and the fact now came into his mind. He parted his lips as he faced the north-east, and drew in the wind as if it were a sweet liquor.
Suddenly there came along this wind something towards him—a message from the place—from some soul residing there, it seemed. Surely it was the sound of bells, the voice of the city, faint and musical, calling to him, "We are happy here!"
He had become entirely lost to his bodily situation during this mental leap, and only got back to it by a rough recalling.
A few yards below the brow of the hill on which he paused a team of horses made its appearance, having reached the place by dint of half an hour's serpentine progress from the bottom of the immense declivity.
They had a load of coals behind them—a fuel that could only be got into the upland by this particular route.
They were accompanied by a carter, a second man, and a boy, who now kicked a large stone behind one of the wheels, and allowed the panting animals to have a long rest, while those in charge took a flagon off the load and indulged in a drink round.
They were elderly men, and had genial voices.
Jude addressed them, inquiring if they had come from Christminster. "Heaven forbid, with this load!" said they.
"The place I mean is that one yonder." He was getting so romantically attached to Christminster that, like a young lover alluding to his mistress, he felt bashful at mentioning its name again.
He pointed to the light in the sky—hardly perceptible to their older eyes.
"Ah, young man," he observed, "you'd have to get your head screwed on t'other way before you could read what they read there."
Here in summer the sun beats down till the mercury registers 118 to 120 degrees in the shade, and dust storms and dust whirlwinds travel over the burning plain.
The travelling sign-painter who was repainting the sign of the "Cauliflower" was enjoying a well-earned respite from his labours.
He had lost his flute in a village brawl, and being too poor to buy a new instrument had to content himself in relating wonderful legends concerning the gods, and stirring tales about the jungle people.
This rare merit even the most fastidious critic must allow.
Indeed, but for some redeeming naval successes at Hatteras and Port Royal preceding the meeting of Congress in December, the whole belligerent operations would have been pronounced weak and imbecile failures.
More babies are being born across the European Union but not enough to replenish the population naturally, the bloc's statistics agency said Wednesday.
Thursday’s humanitarian gift of oxygen concentrators, digital thermometers, oximeters and more than 32,000 coronavirus tests for health professionals aims to help some 90,000 people from underserved communities in the Indigenous and rural areas of Peru’s Amazon.
In work of that nature very often, when men on the job think they have struck a hard snag, something comes up suddenly which clears the matter so they do not require outside assistance.
Before attempting to read this selection aloud, read it silently and try to understand every statement or allusion contained in it.
The sun and clouds create a shifting color palette on the badlands landscape.
Could you send me the schematic for this?
Monogamy is overrated.
There's no reason for monogamy to enjoy a privileged position in our society.
If monogamy is your thing, great. It's not for everyone, though.
"Why?" asked the boy.
"Oh, they never look at anything that folks like we can understand," the carter continued, by way of passing the time. "On'y foreign tongues used in the days of the Tower of Babel, when no two families spoke alike. They read that sort of thing as fast as a night-hawk will whir. 'Tis all learning there—nothing but learning, except religion. And that's learning too, for I never could understand it. Yes, 'tis a serious-minded place. Not but there's wenches in the streets o' nights…"
"You know, I suppose, that they raise pa'sons there like radishes in a bed? And though it do take—how many years, Bob?—five years to turn a lirruping hobble-de-hoy chap into a solemn preaching man with no corrupt passions, they'll do it, if it can be done, and polish un off like the workmen they be, and turn un out wi' a long face, and a long black coat and waistcoat, and a religious collar and hat, same as they used to wear in the Scriptures, so that his own mother wouldn't know un sometimes."
You must mind that I be a-talking of the college life. 'Em lives on a lofty level; there's no gainsaying it, though I myself med not think much of 'em.
As we be here in our bodies on this high ground, so be they in their minds—noble-minded men enough, no doubt—some on 'em—able to earn hundreds by thinking out loud. And some on 'em be strong young fellows that can earn a'most as much in silver cups.
As for music, there's beautiful music everywhere in Christminster. You med be religious, or you med not, but you can't help striking in your homely note with the rest.
By this time the horses had recovered breath and bent to their collars again.
Jude, throwing a last adoring look at the distant halo, turned and walked beside his remarkably well-informed friend, who had no objection to telling him as they moved on more yet of the city—its towers and halls and churches.
The waggon turned into a cross-road, whereupon Jude thanked the carter warmly for his information, and said he only wished he could talk half as well about Christminster as he.
"Well, 'tis oonly what has come in my way," said the carter unboastfully.
Jude continued his walk homeward alone, pondering so deeply that he forgot to feel timid.
He suddenly grew older. It had been the yearning of his heart to find something to anchor on, to cling to—for some place which he could call admirable.
Should he find that place in this city if he could get there?
Would it be a spot in which, without fear of farmers, or hindrance, or ridicule, he could watch and wait, and set himself to some mighty undertaking like the men of old of whom he had heard?
As the halo had been to his eyes when gazing at it a quarter of an hour earlier, so was the spot mentally to him as he pursued his dark way.
"It is a city of light," he said to himself.
Walking somewhat slowly by reason of his concentration, the boy—an ancient man in some phases of thought, much younger than his years in others—was overtaken by a light-footed pedestrian, whom, notwithstanding the gloom, he could perceive to be wearing an extraordinarily tall hat, a swallow-tailed coat, and a watch-chain that danced madly and threw around scintillations of sky-light as its owner swung along upon a pair of thin legs and noiseless boots.
Jude, beginning to feel lonely, endeavoured to keep up with him.
Vilbert was an itinerant quack-doctor, well known to the rustic population, and absolutely unknown to anybody else, as he, indeed, took care to be, to avoid inconvenient investigations.
Cottagers formed his only patients, and his Wessex-wide repute was among them alone.
His position was humbler and his field more obscure than those of the quacks with capital and an organized system of advertising.
The distances he traversed on foot were enormous, and extended nearly the whole length and breadth of Wessex.
Jude had one day seen him selling a pot of coloured lard to an old woman as a certain cure for a bad leg, the woman arranging to pay a guinea, in instalments of a shilling a fortnight, for the precious salve, which, according to the physician, could only be obtained from a particular animal which grazed on Mount Sinai, and was to be captured only at great risk to life and limb.
Jude, though he already had his doubts about this gentleman's medicines, felt him to be unquestionably a travelled personage, and one who might be a trustworthy source of information on matters not strictly professional.
"I s'pose you've been to Christminster, Physician?" "I have—many times," replied the long thin man. "That's one of my centres."
"I want to learn Latin and Greek myself." "A lofty desire. You must get a grammar of each tongue."
Police exist to protect capital.
Police unions exist to shelter police officers from accountability for their actions.
Police have a long history of union-busting.
Progress is not inevitable.
You can't find everything in a book, but there are a lot of things you can't find anywhere else.
You can't find everything in a book, nor outside one.
I've got a mental block; I just can't do it anymore.
I stopped by the weed store and got us some more shatter.
English, please.
"The Hebrew letter Bet can make the sound of either B or V, because in Biblical Hebrew, ungeminated plosives underwent spirantization after vowels." "English, please."
I apologize for the subterfuge.
Your tenancy is being terminated.
If your tenancy is being threatened, contact us.
Tom doesn't just appear at the invocation of his name. Oh, hi, Tom.
Swazi women traditionally plait grass to make thatch roofs for their homes.
We visit Los Angeles, where the city and charitable groups are undertaking an experiment in small house living for its homeless population, creating small communities focused on well-being and a sense of stability.
As someone with a keen eye to lingering class and race issues, Kibuuka launched into banter about political rallies in his adopted homeland.
The occasion was tarnished by a lukewarm show of support from member states.
This harmless protein, acting like a decoy, attaches itself to the GAS6 protein within the bloodstream and keeps the harmful AXL protein from being activated.
I haven't seen an elf in these parts in ages.
There hasn't been an elf in here in generations.
There hasn't been an elf in this town since my grandfather was young.
He expressed his appreciation for the interest shown in his country and said he valued the interchange of ideas.
Over 30 Native American tribes descended upon Gallup, New Mexico to put together a glamorous pageantry that touched all aspects of Indian culture.
Is everything alright?
China opened the 2010 World Exposition in Shanghai on Saturday with a lavish show and hundreds of thousands of visitors.
A cat is a delight.
Djemaa-Saharidj under snow. Repeat after me.
Wildlife experts are looking to see if this year’s census bears out observations seeming to show significantly reduced populations of bird species that make the trip from Europe, such as the black stork, great white pelican and purple heron.
Skyrocketing crude oil prices and the rising cost of living on the continent also threaten to increase inflation, says Bala Zakka, a petroleum engineer based in Lagos, Nigeria.
I walked into the room.
If you could call me when you're free, that would be great!
The company makes vegan ground beef that tastes just like the real thing.
Cookie licked Tom's nose.
Tom got gas.
We need to stop at the gas station and fill up.
Was there a reason you set your alarm so early?
I got another COVID booster.
I got another booster.
Dov plays bass in a prog metal band.
Dov is a psytrance producer.
What's the world's deadliest bird?
I broke the Internet.
Have you escaped?
You're not a serious person.
In this way a monstrous swindle was perpetrated upon the community, by fraudulently appropriating the public money to the use and benefit of private individuals.
Atrocity crimes are imminent unless there is a cessation of hostilities.
Recently, Gursoch Kaur made headlines when she became the first female Sikh officer to serve in the Auxiliary Unit wearing a traditional Sikh turban.
I'm not interested in cis men.
Dov's speech hit all the important notes.
Why do people care?
Voters have faced a barrage of disinformation, particularly on social media.
Martin Luther was an antisemite.
Impressions of leaves found in the Upper Cretaceous rocks of the Yellowstone Valley cannot be distinguished from those of the leaves of our two American hazel species of today.
The sword of heaven is not in haste to smite.
We come here in search for a viable path towards a peaceful, amicable and negotiated solution, and to avert the dire consequences of our inability to reach a settlement to this matter.
A father of 10 children, Noor said his family will go hungry without the opium poppy crop.
Authorities on the Indonesian tourist island of Bali have raised the volcano alert to the highest level as Mount Agung continues to churn and belch menacing-looking ash and smoke.
They posted a video on Facebook showing a weather observer emptying a pitcher of boiling water into the air, where it immediately turned to snow in the frigid, hurricane-force winds.
It's a sad and lonely place to be.
That's what my partner says.
"Good people are like beautiful plants: they are recognizable from afar," says a Kabyle saying in rhyme.
Can I drink the water here?
"Dov is a self-hating Jew." "You mean he criticizes Israel?" "No; I mean he hates and devalues everything Jews have accomplished in the Diaspora."
How's the shot treating you?
Are humans OK?
"I need a woman who can cook, because I don't know how to." "Why not learn how to cook?" "Because I'm lonely." "Having basic life skills makes you more attractive."
I used to be a furry, but I'm proud to say I'm now an avian.
Oddball sentences can help grammar and vocabulary stick in people's minds because they're memorable.
Toki Pona is my emotional support language.
"Who were you talking to?" "God." "Oh; I didn't know you were religious."
Every historical figure was flawed.
The address of the writer may be placed at the beginning or the end of the letter, or omitted altogether if well-known to the addressee.
Where's our son?
Where's our daughter?
Where's our kid?
Where's our baby?
The custard apple tree is often found in sandy and loamy soils throughout much of tropical Africa but can tolerate some of the cold of parts of subtropical South Africa.
Scientists have long known that the dandelion's milky sap contains latex, the main ingredient of raw rubber.
The parasitic mite, which is the size of a pinhead, was detected at the port of Newcastle, north of Sydney, more than a week ago and has spread to other hives in the state of New South Wales.
By their estimation, more than 300,000 foreign students from 175 different countries took the test this past year.
The antibodies, however, block the receptor on the T cells that HIV uses to enter and destroy them.
There has been an increase in the mining of silica sand in the American state of Illinois.
Thank you for not using machine translation.
A newly released study suggests that a canine’s sense of smell is so acute that it can differentiate between a normal, non-cancerous blood serum sample and one that was taken from a patient with malignant lung cancer.
And it could be a life-saver for hard-to-treat HIV-positive individuals who are co-infected with TB.
Men may embellish their look with gloves or a top hat if they desire.
"Cocaine is bad." "Well, it's expensive and it doesn't last long enough, but I wouldn't call it bad."
I haven't done coke in years.
LSD doesn't change everyone for the better.
Joe Rogan is proof that doing psychedelics doesn't necessarily make you enlightened.
I should hate you, and I did, but I don't anymore.
Cookie spends most of his day in that exact spot.
Our walls are pink.
Tom unfollowed me.
Nice try, FBI.
Not today, CIA.
It's a waste of your life.
"The U.S. Civil War was not about slavery, but about states' rights." "States' rights to do what?"
If "trans ideology" were all it was claimed to be, it would be embraced by the right-wing authoritarians who rail against it.
Nationalists would be nationalists no matter where they lived. They just happen to be nationalists in their country because they've never questioned received wisdom.
I don't know enough about this to comment.
You look beautiful when you sleep.
You look beautiful when you're awake.
I love your partially-grayed auburn hair.
I hope the CPAP machine makes a huge difference.
Tip your delivery drivers well or make your own food.
Tip your servers well or make your own food.
Tip your bartenders well or drink at home.
I realize this sentence is very American.
While it should be the responsibility of restaurant owners to pay their staff instead of pushing it off on the customer, you can still choose not to eat out if you don't want to tip. That way, no one has to work for virtually nothing.
My grandma worked through World War II.
"Have you heard of Catullus?" "Of course!" "What do you think of him?" "I hate and I love him."
You don't pass the Turing test.
Nationalism is a disease of the brain.
Lower birthrates are the inevitable result of a more educated and affluent society.
White Europeans aren't going extinct; having fewer children doesn't mean having none.
According to Jay, the stars were aligned, because within a year, sales of the album soared.
The big problem with all of these old tires is that they're tough, and if they end up in a landfill, it's unclear how long it will take for them to decompose, especially if they're covered up by other garbage.
Those taken from days-old embryos, called embryonic stem cells, are more malleable than stem cells from adults, and can transform into cells in every tissue and organ in the body.
He said his family waited 12 years for legal permission to immigrate, but he sympathizes with those who immigrate illegally.
Attorneys for the city argued that the law was a matter of public safety and did not infringe on the Second Amendment right to bear arms.
The United Nations marked the day of remembrance of victims of genocide with a warning that the crime has not been relegated to the history books but remains a threat today.
The discovery of long-forgotten gravestones in a thicket of bramble and alder set one author on the trail of a singular Native American woman and oyster farmer who lived in 19th century Washington state.
Over 17 years and seven albums, Mary Gauthier has earned a reputation for baring her soul in song.
Oracle bones discovered on this site provide the earliest records of Chinese writing.
It was immediately debunked.
I'm focusing on it.
"You're doing a better job than I am." "I'm focusing."
Panthers are wild animals.
I fried them in avocado oil.
Pigs bathe in mud to stay cool.
We don't have room for a pig.
"Wanna hear a dirty joke?" "Sure." "A pig fell in a mud puddle."
"What does your partner think of me?" "Mary's not interested in cis men."
I don't understand why nothing was done about it.
That's a very plaintive meow.
Ambush them at the chokepoint.
The pass of Thermopylae is a historical example of a chokepoint.
This map is full of chokepoints.
Why are you all wearing war paint?
The players were wearing war paint.
It's not something I would put on the same level as stealing.
Retroflex consonants are fun to say.
Retroflex consonants are commonly found in the languages of the Indian subcontinent.
That's kooky.
He's a bit kooky.
Tom's a bit kooky, but he's a good guy.
Cats are very tactile creatures.
Cats' paws are very sensitive.
Kellermann adds that the sooner the AED is used, the more likely the heart is to restart.
A Senegalese drone enthusiast has been working with drones both in the photography and health sectors for years.
A week passed, and Werper was no nearer the fulfillment of his plan, in so far as he could judge, than upon the day of his arrival.
Some Ghanaians, though, who during the lockdown lamented the scruffy state of their hair in social media posts, and even tried to get home services despite the risks, are rushing to salons to regain their style.
In contrast with many of his contemporaries, he’s not brash and boastful.
Filmmaker Ryan Coogler has created a contemporary African superhero in a dazzling $200 million film that pays homage to African culture.
Researchers at Harvard Medical School found that having a vitamin A deficiency, common among some 30 percent of the world’s population in mostly developing nations, was a potent predictor of TB disease risk.
Special ventilation systems will filter air for release to the atmosphere and heating systems will prevent the buildup of condensation.
Musicians are sexy.
Holy fucking bingle. What?!
He's a bit of a kook.
I do find it interesting.
Do you have a gambling problem?
Have you got a gambling problem?
That's what I want to demonstrate.
It's clear and easy to understand.
Is there silicon-based life?
I can't remember the date.
"Medicine is a religion," said the faith healer.
Memes often contain false information.
If you read it on 4chan, it's almost certainly not true.
He should get an award for his humanitarianism.
Prior to World War II, a number of Western magazines ran "puff pieces" about why Hitler wasn't such a bad guy.
I wonder why Ukraine wanted NATO's help. It surely had nothing to do with the 2014 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
No country's ruling class sincerely believes in human rights. Actual human rights would eliminate their power.
Cats have small noses.
The language of human rights has become just another weapon.
"It's not about abusing trans kids; it's about parents' rights." "Parents' rights to do what?"
"If trans women are women, why don't trans lesbians date each other?" "If fish are aquatic, why do they all walk on land?"
"If trans women are women, why don't trans lesbians date each other?" "You've never met a trans lesbian, have you?"
All trans women who love women are in the same polycule.
WLW is an abbreviation of "women who love women."
You're all different from each other.
We're all different from each other.
The overdose scared me into taking better care of myself.
Things changed after the overdose.
You have a beautiful soul.
Your aura is beautiful.
He's not of this world.
She's not of this world.
History didn't begin in the 20th century.
Like Jews in most countries, Iraqi Jews had their own cuisine separate from that of other Iraqis. Sabich is an example of a dish unique to Iraqi Jews, to the point where it is no longer found in Iraq today, but mainly in Israel.
The bones could also have been used to make resin as a glue to affix handles onto tools.
A group of female artists in Afghanistan’s central province of Bamyan has recently opened a small pyrography and engraving studio to promote fine arts in the region.
There is a free cocktail party going on, but the only catch is you’ll need to get to the comet Lovejoy to partake.
The California State Teachers’ Retirement System (CalSTRS) decided not to divest from retailers that sell guns, but said it would use its financial clout to pressure retailers on their gun policies.
Putin is a fascist.
It's fool's gold.
I don't like that band anymore.
You ever think about how many fictional bands were inspired by The Beatles?
Hope Medical Group for Women and other plaintiffs say the law lacks clarity in complicated situations involving potential health risks to pregnant women.
What decade does this take place in?
January 1 is when the euro, the new single currency adopted by 12 European nations, begins circulating among 300 million people in the largest monetary changeover in history.
At a news conference Wednesday at the Pontoise airport near Cergy, west of Paris, the Volocopter company presented the VoloCity air taxi, an electric vertical takeoff and landing vehicle, which the company will begin testing at the airport in June.
She says she sees many people who have skin abrasions and infections, glaucoma and other eye infections, diarrhea, dysentery, swollen feet, asthma, and bronchitis.
In making this abridgement of Boswell's Life of Johnson I have omitted most of Boswell's criticisms, comments, and notes, all of Johnson's opinions in legal cases, most of the letters, and parts of the conversation dealing with matters which were of greater importance in Boswell's day than now.
Late last month, 135 civil society organizations urged the government to ensure that microfinance institutions immediately suspend all loan repayments and interest accrual for at least three months.
Fisherman Mamdou Lamine had caught just one bucket of mackerel.
A study in the Journal of the American Medical Association says giving heart patients a drug known as a beta-blocker improves their chances of survival after heart bypass surgery.
The pontiff also announced a 100-thousand-dollar donation to the clinic, which was founded by a German-born Franciscan friar and has facilities in Russia, Mozambique, Mexico and other nations.
I don't care if you think these clothes are immodest.
They're immodestly dressed.
On the 1st of Elul in Second Temple times, livestock would be set aside for the tithe.
Brithenig is a fictional Romance language with the phonology of Welsh.
Obsidian comes from volcanoes.
Obsidian is an igneous rock.
Obsidian is translucent.
Tom's got some heady bud.
Tom scolded John like an errant pupil.
What a crock!
That won't impact the buoyancy?
He's a plotter and a schemer.
The fulcrum needs to be closer to the center.
I don't think that heuristic will work.
It's a heuristic solution.
Birds won evolution.
Antisemitism did not begin or end with the Holocaust.
If antisemitism is because of Israel, why was there antisemitism before Israel?
What works for cities doesn't necessarily work elsewhere.
"This is literally 1984." "No it isn't."
The Levant has never been isolated.
Fat people are cuddly.
Telling everyone to use the names "Tom" and "Mary" is inherently political.
Prisoners aren't sentenced to rape, and in fact, no one would accept it if they were.
Graham Linehan is a sociopath.
I have three dollars left.
Abolish prisons.
Rape is not part of a prison sentence; people aren't sentenced to rape.
In the end, all of the Crusades were failures.
"Meow! Meow! Meow!" "I don't know, Cookie. They just passed a law saying no cats could have food." "Meow! Meow!" "You're lucky I'm an anarchist. Here you go."
Trans women experience a grossly disproportionate amount of rape in men's prisons.
A trans woman sentenced to a men's prison for theft was raped thousands of times in what she described as "hell on Earth."
Is rape a proportionate punishment for theft? Of course not.
"Your housemate scares me." "Tom? He's a big teddy bear."
They used every means in their power to instigate the people against him.
Mr. Reuter says that while no one knows how much money is actually laundered through banks globally, the figure could be as large as $700 billion per year.
Who can give a little bit, take the most.
This site doesn't moderate almost anything. Feel free to ignore people telling you to use the names Tom and Mary.
The consequences for using names other than Tom and Mary are virtually nonexistent.
Cops aren't supposed to kill guilty people, either.
Pastoralism remains a way of life in East Africa.
Critics say the pill could be diverted to illicit use and could worsen the country's opioid crisis.
As trade routes have criss-crossed the globe, plants and animals have hitched rides into new environments.
You can use any ingredient that can be skewered on a stick.
The Chinese government has finished constructing Zimbabwe's new parliament building outside the capital, Harare, at a cost of about $200 million.
In the U.S. there is an epidemic of police officers summarily executing young Black men.
It's very easy to become a cop in the U.S..
We had the mental acumen, the efficacy of the bow and arrow, opposite the clumsy musket.
Not everyone is good at heart.
People aren't all fundamentally good at heart.
Some people are malicious.
I designed a website recommendation engine for the few people who still browse the internet outside of Facebook and YouTube.
"Do you know which Anonymous Twitter accounts are official?" "None of them. It's not even just one group."
Most American Jews want Israel to exist, but beyond that, they are significantly to the left of American foreign policy towards the country, which is based on the opinions of the much larger group of Evangelical Christians.
J. K. Rowling loves rapists. In 2020 she sent a bouquet of roses to Marilyn Manson, whose serial abuse and rape of Evan Rachel Wood had already come to light.
Tyre Nichols was murdered by police.
Why is January so long?
January is the longest month of the year.
Tom's clone is loose.
Tom's clone broke out of the facility they were holding him in.
No one has ever been killed for their views on trans people, but people are often killed for being trans.
January feels longer than the other months with 31 days.
Cookie is the funniest cat.
Florida should be quarantined.
The erstwhile Jewish communities of North Africa dated to before the arrival of the first Arabs.
Better performance by electoral and security authorities notwithstanding, fears remain that disagreements on the result might engulf the country into a destabilizing fight for power.
This is fastidious, detailed, but very important work.
This artist rendering shows a cutaway view into the interior of Saturn’s moon Enceladus.
You could see slime in many places, and garbage floating in the water.
The virus “has thrived because poverty, inequality, discrimination, the destruction of our natural environment and other human rights failures have created enormous fragilities in our societies,” Guterres said, while simultaneously providing leaders with a pretext to impose “heavy-handed security responses and repressive measures that curtail civic space and media freedom.”
It was a clear allusion to corruption scandals that have peppered the press and were further underscored during the WikiLeaks scandal.
But the IOC is also refusing to consider the possibility of outright cancelling the Games.
The new Kodak Theatre will host the 74th annual Academy Awards. It is part of a $600 million complex that includes a four-star hotel, a multi-screen cinema and shopping arcade.
"Yes, I'm rich, but I'm exhausted." "Everyone is exhausted."
"Your roommate is kind of scary." "Tom? He wouldn't hurt a fly."
Elliot Rogers was conventionally good-looking, but incel rhetoric got into his head to the point where he believed he was hopelessly unattractive.
Tom is an incel.
I used to be cis until I was arrested for saying the word "woman" and reprogrammed.
Zero people have ever been penalized for saying the word woman.
What reactionaries are mad about isn't that the word "woman" is supposedly being banned, but that people are coming up with inclusive terminology for trans men.
Reactionaries want the phrase "pregnant person" to be banned, but no one is trying to get the word "woman" banned.
The talk of "banning the word woman" is a sleight of hand for what reactionaries actually object to: introducing words that include trans men and nonbinary people.
Transphobic rhetoric is always dishonest.
It's a sleight of hand.
They can never be honest about what they're actually objecting to.
They're never direct.
It always has to be a straw man with them.
Objecting to the inclusion of trans men and nonbinary people would make reactionaries look like the pieces of shit they are, so they instead make up some nonsense about "banning the word woman."
Life is struggle.
We practice consensus-based decision-making.
You're an exception.
"I don't know if I should come out and be myself, because my family wouldn't like it." "If not yourself, who would you be?"
That was an ugly year.
Are you just a paid state propagandist or what?
I make requests in batches.
According to the 2015 National Transgender Survey in the United States, 47% of American trans people have been sexually assaulted. This is the same study where the famous 41% suicide attempt figure comes from.
According to the 2015 National Transgender Survey in the United States, almost a third of transgender Americans live in poverty, compared to 14% for the general population.
According to the 2015 National Transgender Survey in the United States, eight percent of transgender Americans have developed a urinary tract infection from avoiding public restrooms.
One in every ten trans Americans who are out to their families have been physically abused for being trans.
Trans people who are supported by their families and communities experience significantly fewer mental health issues, have a far lower suicide risk, and their lives have better outlooks in general.
Transphobia is an actual problem that is well-studied; "banning the word woman" is tabloid nonsense.
I am critical of Corbyn, but the U.K. would be much better off with him in charge.
"Why are you talking about the U.K.?" "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere."
Algeria didn't extend citizenship to its indigenous Jewish community, driving many of them to Israel, yet it still demands that Israel cease to exist. It has made no effort to extend a right of return to descendants of Algerian Jews.
If you don't want Jews to live anywhere, you're just an antisemite.
After losing his first defamation lawsuit against Amber Heard, Johnny Depp venue-shopped until he could find the court most likely to rule in his favor, then sued Amber Heard there in an utter spectacle of a kangaroo court.
Johnny Depp is on tape admitting to physically abusing Amber Heard.
There was no legal reasoning behind Johnny Depp's victory over Amber Heard in a Virginia court; all the facts were against him.
Amber Heard fought back against her abuser; this is a good thing.
Johnny Depp is best friends with fellow abuser Marilyn Manson.
The jury in the venue-shopped Virginia court that ruled in favor of Johnny Depp was not sequestered; they had full access to the Internet and other media.
Concurrently to the Depp-Heard Virginia trial, a lynch mob was forming against Heard on the Internet and could be witnessed daily. The jury in the case was exposed to this mob throughout the trial, as their access to the Internet was not limited in any way.
Neither Johnny Depp nor Amber Heard lives in Virginia.
Are you still studying math?
Some children are born trans.
Gender dysphoria is not contagious.
Gender dysphoria is not sexual.
Even one of the fiercest advocates against affirming trans children admits she knew she was trans when she was five.
Gender dysphoria is a condition that usually begins in childhood.
Trans children are allowed to socially transition, but the first medical treatment available to them is puberty blockers when they are adolescents. These are completely reversible.
Jews are an ancient tribal people who originated in the Levant.
She's no hero.
You're dehydrated.
Why does January feel longer than the other months with 31 days?
The high and low are both below freezing.
I'm a dork.
I have chosen it because it is both interesting and instructive.
She always takes care of me.
If I fall ill, mother grows very anxious.
Honesty is a noble virtue.
Tom has a cold heart.
If you learn Klingon, you can answer the phone in it when telemarketers call.
The myth that people who talk about suicide never follow through is deadly.
Bangladesh is among the most densely populated countries in the world.
Bengalis make up 99% of the total population of Bangladesh.
Bangladesh consists of eight divisions, 64 districts and 495 subdistricts.
There are 64 districts in Bangladesh, each further subdivided into subdistricts.
The Government of Bangladesh is overseen by a cabinet headed by the Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
The President of Bangladesh is elected by the parliament and has a five-year term.
The President of Bangladesh is the Supreme Commander of the Bangladesh Armed Forces and the chancellor of all universities.
The Bangladesh Armed Forces have inherited the institutional framework of the British military and the British Indian Army.
Most of Bangladesh's military equipment comes from China.
Bangladesh is considered to be a middle power in global politics.
Bangladesh plays an important role in the geopolitical affairs of the Indo-Pacific due to its strategic location between South and Southeast Asia.
Bangladesh joined the Commonwealth of Nations in 1972 and the United Nations in 1974.
Japan is Bangladesh's largest economic aid provider, and the two maintain a strategic and economic partnership.
Bangladesh is the second largest economy in South Asia.
"A child can't be transgender." "Medically and empirically speaking, that statement is false."
Bangladesh is gradually transitioning to a green economy.
"You don't have PTSD unless you were in a warzone." "Medically and empirically speaking, that statement is false."
There's no evidence for the existence of the Jebusites.
"If you weren't in a warzone, you don't have PTSD." "I love how confident you are in being so plainly wrong."
The official and predominant language of Bangladesh is Bangla, which is spoken by more than 98% of the population as their native language.
English plays an important role in Bangladesh's judicial and educational affairs, due to the country's history as part of the British Empire.
Bangladesh was constitutionally proclaimed as the first secular state of South Asia in 1972.
Bangladesh is the third-most populous Muslim-majority state in the world.
The recorded history of art in Bangladesh can be traced to the 3rd century BCE.
The modern art movement in Bangladesh took shape during the 1950s, particularly with the pioneering works of Zainul Abedin.
Kazi Nazrul Islam was a revolutionary poet who espoused political rebellion against colonialism and fascism.
Muzharul Islam was the pioneer of Bangladeshi modern architecture.
Over 200 newspapers are published in Bangladesh.
Bangladesh Television is a state-owned television network.
The Varendra Research Museum is the oldest museum in Bangladesh.
This profession is now quite popular in Bangladesh as a career.
The most important step in the Bangladesh Bank recruitment process is the written test.
Because of that, the global recession could not affect the economy of Bangladesh.
Police in Bangladesh have arrested the owner of a factory where at least 52 people died in a fire late on Thursday.
Bangladesh is no stranger to deadly fires and disasters involving high-rise buildings and government critics say safety standards are still lax.
Bangladesh has made a long term modernisation plan for its Armed Forces.
Bangladesh Army has started an ambitious modernisation program for its infantry soldiers.
The Bangladesh Armed Forces are under the jurisdiction of Ministry of Defence of the Government of Bangladesh.
The President of Bangladesh serves as the Commander-in-Chief of the Bangladesh Armed Forces.
Border Guards Bangladesh and Bangladesh Coast Guard are under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Home Affairs during peacetime, but during wartime they fall under the command of Bangladesh Army and Bangladesh Navy respectively.
During the first Gulf War in 1991, the Bangladesh Army sent a 2,193 member team to monitor peace in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
Bangladesh has consistently made large contributions to United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Bangladesh military ranks, essentially corresponds to those used by the armed forces of the commonwealth nations.
"It was an exciting moment when the penny dropped, and we realized that the two different song types from plain-backed thrushes that we first heard in northeast India in 2009, and which were associated with different habitats at different elevations, were given by two different species," said Per Alstrom of Uppsala University, who led the team.
When Briton Jane Walker first saw children rummaging through trash heaps while on a trip to the Philippines in 1996, she decided to do something about it.
A team of forensics experts Thursday opened the tomb of famed Spanish surrealist Salvador Dali to take DNA samples to settle a paternity suit.
For once, media hyperbole matches reality.
Though she was not on that team, Shim said through a translator, she certainly remembered the heartbreak of her countrywomen.
I started reading up about sloths and got more and more convinced that slowness is a strategic advantage in some situations.
I learned about this in psych.
Are you still at Harvard?
Tom led me to believe otherwise.
"Snitches get stitches." "Is that a threat?" "It's a statement of fact."
If you ask a large number of trans people when they first noticed they weren't the right gender, the vast majority will tell you it was in childhood.
A gender dysphoria diagnosis has nothing to do with being good or bad at math.
Children diagnosed with gender dysphoria are persistent, insistent, and consistent in their gender identity.
I took mushrooms.
Tom sells magic mushrooms.
It's just a sentence.
Set and setting are important when doing psychedelics.
What kind of mushrooms did you say were in those chocolates?
Starlings can imitate human speech.
Humans are the squishiest monkeys.
Humans are the silliest monkeys.
We're the funniest monkeys.
Beg me to eat!
You are so funny and the Germans are crazy.
There are differences in the cuisine of different regions of Bangladesh.
Mushfiqur Rahim has become the brand ambassador of Samsung Electronics Bangladesh.
Bangladesh-Pakistan cricket series was going on at that time.
Men don't have more of a right to sexual liberation than women.
The worst kind of man is the kind who keeps his wife under constant surveillance while having affairs himself.
In Britain, neither major party supports trans rights.
How are we some all-powerful cabal if both major British parties are anti-trans?
The owner of a construction company is not working-class.
A Starbucks employee is working-class because they have to trade their labor for a fraction of its actual value. The owner of a construction company is not working-class because their money comes from getting others to trade their labor for a fraction of its actual value.
A farm worker is working-class; the owner of a farm is not.
Imagine how strong a gorilla would be if it lifted.
Gender confirmation surgery has an exceptionally low regret rate.
Men don't have more of a right to cheat than women.
Isn't there somebody you forgot to ask?
Gender-affirming care is controversial politically, not medically.
They sent him home.
The United States has 120 guns for every 100 people.
Eventually, the genre became stagnant.
I started, but I didn't finish.
The various peoples of Austria-Hungary—Bohemians, Magyars, Jews, and Slavs—would fill twenty-seven and one half towns; or a single city nearly as large as Detroit.
The roots also help aerate the soil to allow more water to infiltrate the ground.
I twigged the whole game in a minnit.
They need a sense of catharsis.
President Saied wants Tunisians to vote on a new draft constitution in a July 25 referendum.
The report runs about 400 pages, excluding tables and appendices.
“This is a scandal that must stop now,” said the director-general about the global vaccine disparity.
A paleontologist in Texas has identified a new species of coelacanth, an ancient fish most closely related to land-dwelling vertebrates, including humans.
He says no mummy was found in the pyramid, but that there are remains of canopic jars, the alabaster jars used to store organs removed from a body before it is mummified.
Antimicrobial resistance is growing because of the widespread abuse and misuse of antibiotics.
Correctamundo!
"What time is your dentist's appointment?" "Tooth hurty."
None of the people trying to ban gender-affirming care for teens are interested in also banning breast implants for teenage cis girls.
Jordan Peterson was a mediocre academic ignored by his peers, so he became a self-help guru.
It must be noted that the name "Jerusalem" predates "Al-Quds" by at least 28 centuries.
The Babylonian Talmud is considered more authoritative than the Jerusalemite Talmud.
Enchantments keep humans from ever learning about the hidden cities of the elves.
Genius is insanity that's useful.
Once it cools, the agarose solidifies and the optical fibers are selectively removed using solvents.
Next I removed all the intestines as far as the duodenum and dealt with them as with the rectum, and so I had the intestines clean and without fetor.
But under Japanese parliamentary rules, the vote of the lower house overrides that of the upper house.
The latter organization has guaranteed to it the necessary funds to make exhaustive tests and observations as to the wear, breakage, etc., etc., of steel rails.
A denarius is a silver Roman coin worth 1/25th of a Roman aureus.
Each commission has representatives at the zonal, provincial and district levels.
When ill health does strike, some autocrats have reflexively blamed malevolent powers — human or otherwise.
The WHO chief said it was time to banish the politics of populism and self-interests that have been derailing the global response to the pandemic.
But not everyone took heed of the warnings and some of those motorists who ventured into the city were greeted with the sight of snowmen in the middle of the streets.
The venue is filled with people who are eating, talking and laughing — blissfully unaware that the popular hangout is apparently haunted in recent years by two ghosts said to have terrified staff members cleaning up after hours.
"People are fascinated with Harriet Tubman because they see her as an ordinary person who rose up against all odds to escape the savagery of slavery," said Donald Pinder, president of a group that runs the Harriet Tubman Museum in Cambridge, Maryland.
One in every 160 children worldwide has some form for autism spectrum disorder, also called ASD.
Cattle ranchers also discovered their animals could eat the tree's leaves and fruits.
The leader called on both sides to 'abandon old hatreds and meet their responsibility toward peace.'
EpiPens are used to treat anaphylactic shock, a symptom of severe allergies often experienced by children that could lead to death.
During the first half of the 19th century, the United States trebled in size by acquiring Florida from Spain and the lands west of the Mississippi River and their historical heritage from France, Mexico, and England.
The minstrels dress up in face paint and colorful satin costumes with fancy hats and parasols.
Genius is useful insanity.
Where's the stuff?
Where's the other stuff?
Let me see the stuff.
"Let me see the stuff." "Let me see the money."
The cat got in a fight.
Cookie got in a fight with another cat.
I don't eat anything that comes from an animal.
No oyster sauce, please.
I don't eat anything that comes from an animal. No meat, no milk, no butter, no gelatin, no honey, nothing from an animal.
I've had a long day, and I've got a lot of stuff to unload.
Flesh-eating bees are the stuff of nightmares.
Let's save our money and stay in.
Tom is a traveling bard.
You can't legally set a mousetrap in California without a hunting license.
Americans are facing an unprecedented shortage of paper and cleaning products, especially disinfectants, hand sanitizers and wipes.
They fail to see that the American people are engrossed in the building for themselves of a new economic system, a new social system, a new political system all of which are characterized by aspirations of freedom of opportunity and thereby are the negation of imperialism.
Go where glory waits thee! But while fame elates thee, oh, still remember me!
Scientists have long known that severed nerves in the arms and legs have the ability to regenerate after they have been surgically reattached.
The error appears to arise from the fact that unconscientious oyster dealers wash the oysters with salt and water in order to give them a better appearance, as they say.
Back in the 1980s American pop artist Andy Warhol did some experimentation with what was then a brand new computer called the Amiga.
Accompanied by key local officials and reporters, the president walked across areas of beach on the Louisiana coast, at one point stooping to pick up tar balls from the surf.
Telecom analysts say faster digital connectivity will allow people who do not have computers to peruse the Internet from their mobile phones.
The most striking feature in the small animal’s appearance are its two large round eyes, which provides it with incredible ocular sensibilities.
"I'll sell you mine with pleasure—those I used as a student." "Oh, thank you, sir!" said Jude gratefully, but in gasps, for the amazing speed of the physician's walk kept him in a dog-trot which was giving him a stitch in the side.
Now I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll get you the grammars, and give you a first lesson, if you'll remember, at every house in the village, to recommend Physician Vilbert's golden ointment, life-drops, and female pills.
"Here I'll be to meet you," said Jude.
Through the intervening fortnight he ran about and smiled outwardly at his inward thoughts, as if they were people meeting and nodding to him—smiled with that singularly beautiful irradiation which is seen to spread on young faces at the inception of some glorious idea, as if a supernatural lamp were held inside their transparent natures, giving rise to the flattering fancy that heaven lies about them then.
He honestly performed his promise to the man of many cures, in whom he now sincerely believed, walking miles hither and thither among the surrounding hamlets as the Physician's agent in advance.
On the evening appointed he stood motionless on the plateau, at the place where he had parted from Vilbert, and there awaited his approach.
The road-physician was fairly up to time; but, to the surprise of Jude on striking into his pace, which the pedestrian did not diminish by a single unit of force, the latter seemed hardly to recognize his young companion, though with the lapse of the fortnight the evenings had grown light.
"Well, my boy?" said the latter abstractedly. "I've come," said Jude. "You? Who are you? Oh yes—to be sure! Got any orders, lad?"
"Yes." And Jude told him the names and addresses of the cottagers who were willing to test the virtues of the world-renowned pills and salve. The quack mentally registered these with great care.
"And the Latin and Greek grammars?" Jude's voice trembled with anxiety. "What about them?" "You were to bring me yours, that you used before you took your degree."
Ah, yes, yes! Forgot all about it—all!
Jude controlled himself sufficiently long to make sure of the truth; and he repeated, in a voice of dry misery, "You haven't brought 'em!"
Jude dropped behind.
He was an unsophisticated boy, but the gift of sudden insight which is sometimes vouchsafed to children showed him all at once what shoddy humanity the quack was made of.
There was to be no intellectual light from this source.
The leaves dropped from his imaginary crown of laurel; he turned to a gate, leant against it, and cried bitterly.
The disappointment was followed by an interval of blankness.
He might, perhaps, have obtained grammars from Alfredston, but to do that required money, and a knowledge of what books to order; and though physically comfortable, he was in such absolute dependence as to be without a farthing of his own.
Why should he not write to the schoolmaster, and ask him to be so kind as to get him the grammars in Christminster?
Why not ask him to send any old second-hand copies, which would have the charm of being mellowed by the university atmosphere?
At last a packet did indeed arrive at the village, and he saw from the ends of it that it contained two thin books.
He took it away into a lonely place, and sat down on a felled elm to open it.
Ever since his first ecstasy or vision of Christminster and its possibilities, Jude had meditated much and curiously on the probable sort of process that was involved in turning the expressions of one language into those of another.
He concluded that a grammar of the required tongue would contain, primarily, a rule, prescription, or clue of the nature of a secret cipher, which, once known, would enable him, by merely applying it, to change at will all words of his own speech into those of the foreign one.
His childish idea was, in fact, a pushing to the extremity of mathematical precision what is everywhere known as Grimm's Law—an aggrandizement of rough rules to ideal completeness.
Thus he assumed that the words of the required language were always to be found somewhere latent in the words of the given language by those who had the art to uncover them, such art being furnished by the books aforesaid.
When, therefore, having noted that the packet bore the postmark of Christminster, he cut the string, opened the volumes, and turned to the Latin grammar, which chanced to come uppermost, he could scarcely believe his eyes.
The book was an old one—thirty years old, soiled, scribbled wantonly over with a strange name in every variety of enmity to the letterpress, and marked at random with dates twenty years earlier than his own day.
He learnt for the first time that there was no law of transmutation, as in his innocence he had supposed (there was, in some degree, but the grammarian did not recognize it), but that every word in both Latin and Greek was to be individually committed to memory at the cost of years of plodding.
Jude flung down the books, lay backward along the broad trunk of the elm, and was an utterly miserable boy for the space of a quarter of an hour.
As he had often done before, he pulled his hat over his face and watched the sun peering insidiously at him through the interstices of the straw.
This was Latin and Greek, then, was it, this grand delusion!
What brains they must have in Christminster and the great schools, he presently thought, to learn words one by one up to tens of thousands!
There were no brains in his head equal to this business; and as the little sun-rays continued to stream in through his hat at him, he wished he had never seen a book, that he might never see another, that he had never been born.
Somebody might have come along that way who would have asked him his trouble, and might have cheered him by saying that his notions were further advanced than those of his grammarian. But nobody did come, because nobody does; and under the crushing recognition of his gigantic error Jude continued to wish himself out of the world.
Cookie is my favorite dog ever.
I love Iran and Iranians; it's their government I have a problem with.
I love Shia Islam.
I love Sunni Islam.
Power and religion mix too well.
Western civilization is a recent historical construct.
The Farhud was instigated by the Nazis, and may be best understood as part 1 of a process that would have ended with Iraq's Jews in Nazi death camps, had Germany not lost the war.
Why shouldn't I have a problem with the Iranian government? They organize Holocaust denial conferences and Holocaust cartoon competitions.
Why shouldn't I have a problem with the Iranian government? They're ultimately responsible for the ethnic cleansing of Jews from Yemen by the Houthis.
Am I supposed to not have a problem with such people?
Why shouldn't I have a problem with the Iranian government? They've been trying to kill Salman Rushdie for decades.
The way the Islamic Republic of Iran treats Jews only serves to strengthen Zionism.
Zionism is stronger because of the Islamic Republic of Iran's treatment of Jews.
Antisemitism fortifies Zionism.
No one used Truth Social or Parler, so Elon Musk had to buy Twitter to turn it into the unmoderated hellhole he wanted it to be, leading to a mass exodus from the site.
This site would be much more active if it had moderation, with more good-quality users who aren't Nazis or edgelords.
The reason most people don't touch 4chan with a twenty-foot pole is because of its lack of any moderation whatsoever.
People do want moderation, badly, because no one wants to deal with the same bullshit over and over from people who can't be convinced otherwise.
Doing nothing is the worst possible way of getting it wrong.
We feel increasingly alienated from our work.
How dare you even talk to me?
A duck has just given birth to twelve little ducklings.
4chan's lack of moderation draws a certain kind of psychopath to the site while pushing everyone else away.
The types of people attracted by a project's lack of moderation aren't usually the types who make good contributors to projects.
It's human nature to form complex societies where we work together for our common benefit.
Five is too young to pledge allegiance to a flag.
Bring back the Kabyle flag.
We should get rid of flags entirely.
If the cops' bodycams weren't on, they're lying about what happened.
Do all dragons have wings?
Dave Chappelle won a Grammy for whining about being "canceled."
Cancel culture is made up.
Opposition to "cancel culture" is a lucrative industry.
The right loves its phantom enemies.
People have always boycotted companies and products.
Boycotts are a form of free speech.
Four U.S. states have made it illegal to provide medically necessary and standard care for trans children.
The right is attempting to eliminate trans people, but this is impossible, because trans people will always continue to be born.
Texas, Alabama, Utah, and Arizona abuse trans children.
Once you die, there's no coming back.
The January 6, 2020 insurrection in the United States was armed and violent.
They found considerable damage to many of the museum's statues and sarcophagi that were too large to be removed for safekeeping.
But while the government's anti-corruption campaign has exposed some low-level misdeeds, efforts to expose misconduct within senior levels of the party have been condemned as a threat to social stability.
Are elementary school children old enough to learn about heterosexuality?
My son's first grade teacher talked about her husband. This attempt to push heterosexuality on my child is inexcusable.
Logan said that traditional preventative measures against sunburn, such as wearing long clothes, hats and sunglasses, have not been enough.
In a statement, Facebook accuses the account holders of using fake and duplicate accounts to manage pages, comment on other people’s content, impersonate users and re-share posts in groups to make them appear more popular than they were.
Hard passwords include a mix of upper- and lowercase letters, digits and special characters.
The teacher told my child they were a boy. I refuse to accept this imposition of cisgender ideology, as children are not old enough to have a gender.
"Comedy has always attacked LGBTQ people." "Yes, and that's bad."
Still, the GOP currently controls both chambers of 30 state legislatures.
A vote for any Republican in the U.S. is a vote for torturing and abusing queer kids.
Denying medical treatment is a form of torture.
Even Blaire White admits she knew she was trans when she was five.
Puberty blockers have been approved by the FDA since the 1990s.
The inmates of the two monasteries celebrated her obsequies with all the solemnity due to their abbess and foundress, and with the recollection due to her sanctity.
If you're against imposing sexuality on children, stop assuming they're going to grow up to be straight.
When Luis Ortiz, 26, of Napa, California, arrived at the hospital complaining of a headache and nausea, doctors were shocked to find a tapeworm larva had been living in his brain.
The disease, formally known as avian influenza, is untreatable and has already killed more than 20,000 Cape cormorant birds since last year.
The main character of "December 6" is Harry Niles, a master card player and tireless schemer with his own code of loyalty and honor.
If you think your rifle can hit a balloon 60,000 feet up, you shouldn't have a rifle.
No trans woman has ever been the top athlete at any women's sport.
The best trans athletes have never exceeded the best cis athletes in any sport.
Death is final.
Death is guaranteed and irreversible.
Everyone dies in the end.
Tom, where's my car?
It gives you a general sense of well-being.
Tom told me John's been wearing a wire.
No one has ever gone there before.
I'll add it to my reading list.
Between the two of us, we're almost a functional person.
I'm less afraid when I'm with you.
I'm not afraid when you're with me.
Stop blocking my sunlight.
We project our own noblest qualities onto gods and angels, and our ignoblest qualities onto demons and devils.
Conversion therapy kills.
Conversion therapy killed Leelah Alcorn.
Gender-affirming care is an evidence-based practice.
Death is the end.
The matter and energy making you up will never be destroyed.
I'm not a witch, but I know a few.
I'd like to know you biblically.
Whatever meaning the larger universe may have would be irrelevant to our tiny little lives on this rock.
All any of us can do is find our own purpose.
People are afraid of nuclear power because nuclear disasters, when they do happen, have a severe impact.
I don't think religious people should be forced to perform same-sex weddings if they don't want to.
If you have a secular, public-facing job, you are obligated not to discriminate against anyone, regardless of your own religious beliefs.
This British Mandate-era coin says "Palestine" in Arabic and "Palestine EY" in Hebrew, with EY standing for Eretz Yisrael (Land of Israel).
When "Eretz Yisrael" was listed next to "Palestine" in the official Hebrew name of British Mandate Palestine, an attempt was made to add "Southern Syria" to the official Arabic name.
Capitalism is wage theft.
We're not immortal, but we are eternal.
They've always been like that.
Have you seen Hansel and Gretel?
I have a book full of haiku in romaji and translation. I wish they included the original Japanese characters as well.
Tom's two-door is a pain to get into.
I'm throwing Tom a going-away party.
George Hunt, you're an infernal scamp!
Nobody helped anyone out.
I'm glad Tom is finally off the streets.
I keep running into my ex-husband everywhere.
What floor are you on?
Why wouldn't Tom want to visit Boston?
Why would Tom want to visit Boston?
We knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Most of us knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
We all knew Tom wasn't telling the truth.
We all knew Tom was telling the truth.
Most of us didn't know Tom was telling the truth.
We're all spread out.
We dispersed.
Listen to everything Tom says.
They're ugly as hatchlings.
Someone I can't stand lent me that book, funny enough.
They've been proven guilty.
I can't free myself from it.
Tom will probably be drooling again.
Humans are purposeful beings.
If I hadn't known that, I would have gone.
Tom announced that he had decided to remain in the group.
What kind of fish was it?
Tom is a militant atheist.
Is everyone interested?
Use hand sanitizer.
Does anybody else feel cold?
I definitely don't want to read that.
The capital of Laconia is Sparta.
Isn't that a sentence?
Gas giants probably have solid cores.
Things that seem impossible can't always be overcome, even with persistence.
I heard a horse.
Tom sprung awake.
What gives Tom the right to say that?
What gives you the right to say that?
It's very fragile, so be careful.
Debugging isn't Tom's strong suit.
I'll take one of each.
I don't think Tom thinks that I think that.
Though born there, Tom has always hated Boston.
I don't think it's feasible.
They have the best green curry.
Most snakes aren't poisonous.
The cop switched off his bodycam.
We have no hope of changing anything if we don't think change is possible.
That wasn't a poem.
My monitor isn't capable of 4K.
We don't have to do it right this moment.
It's feeding time.
Cookie is all wet and dirty from running around in the rain, and he smells terrible.
I have less than three dollars to my name.
But isn't it true?
Let's have some pudding.
Kittens make me feel so warm and fuzzy inside.
I used to want to be a hamster.
Tom is accusing me of stealing his car.
I sold my soul once.
The results don't look promising.
I'm still waiting for Tom to mellow out.
All people are born into unequal circumstances.
I didn't appreciate the gift at the time.
Tom, you're the last one out. Turn the light off.
Do birds watch us?
Do Tom and Mary know that you can't speak French?
They’re using an excavator and hand picks to try and chip away, desperately hoping to find more survivors.
He halted, waved to her, sighed with his hand on his heart, and looked altogether very lovelorn.
Barack Obama was a center-right president.
I think I'll take a nice, long nap.
Tom has recently been getting into opera.
Your son looks like Tom.
Cats are highly tactile.
You don't drink tequila anymore?
It's true; my self-confidence is virtually zero.
I don't like Tom's music, but I don't hate it, either.
Tom's got a terrible cough.
Are you basing this on something you saw on TV?
I should've known that only Tom could do a thing like that.
I love nitrous oxide.
It couldn't have gone any differently.
Tom doesn't tell a lot of lies.
Tom doesn't tell a lot of lies, but the ones he tells are huge.
I told Tom to pick up a case of beer on his way back.
Tom doesn't know where he is most of the time.
Those were dark times.
We can't afford to live in Boston proper anymore.
Tom was hired by John to be his bodyguard.
Zoos are exploitative.
Couldn't you help us just this once?
Is it possible I'm not wrong?
Tom's new cat loves me.
I've never believed in destiny.
I'm hungry and lonely.
Tom wouldn't drive a hybrid.
I don't want to learn any more languages.
I couldn't separate the two.
Chickpeas are so versatile.
Perhaps after a stay in the dungeon, you will be more willing to talk.
I didn't go see Tom's band.
I'll bet you Tom gets delayed.
I want to learn American Sign Language.
I wonder what sort of cuisine they have out there in the galaxy?
I don't mind that Tom always smells like cigarettes.
He reacted the way any caged animal would.
Has Tom gone mute?
We need high-speed rail here.
If you learn how to read cats' body language, it's actually quite pleasant to interact with them.
Please don't pay any attention to me.
The living matter more than the dead.
Tom isn't a real lawyer.
The soup got cold.
I've never visited Boston without Tom.
Tom expected Mary to rebuff his advance.
Tom, why are you wearing a fedora?
The fedora doesn't work for you, Tom.
They'll never hear me.
Lenin wasn't Jewish by any definition.
You're going to be that guy, aren't you?
If you want, we could learn French together.
Cookie refused to eat the spam.
Objection, your Honor, this is hearsay!
They never tried to talk me out of it.
Comedy can be used as a weapon.
"That's not how it works!" "That's exactly how it works."
Has anyone ever told you there's this guy named Tom Jackson who looks just like you?
I'd like you to go find out for yourself.
Tom isn't in his prime.
I don't seen my uncle very often.
We hate cockroaches because they remind us of all the waste we create.
Reinout van Crevel, a researcher and professor of international health at Nijmegen Medical Center in the Netherlands, said diabetes triples the chances of developing tuberculosis.
I would download a car.
Do you guys want watermelon?
Do you guys want honeydew and cantaloupe?
You wouldn't say that to Tom's face.
I met my worst enemy that way.
Tom's dad is the custodian.
I'm sure Tom didn't mean a word of it.
"Now there's an opportunity not only to have what's come to be called 'cybersex' but to go further than that and actually establish personal relationships that would have been difficult, impossible, dangerous," he says.
Tom doesn't always know where I am.
I doubt Tom is a ghost, John.
You're way more valuable than you understand.
I think that was my first time seeing Tom neither high nor in withdrawal.
There's so much left to do with our lives.
Some of us yawned.
We'll take it on a case-by-case basis.
I eat raw kimchi whenever I'm taking antibiotics.
Tom and Mary didn't think it would be so easy.
No one will die.
Lettuce is OK.
We don't have enough for more.
That applies to everything.
"No one ever asks me about my wishes," sobbed the genie.
The police were forced to withdraw from the town after the police station and an adjacent watchtower were set ablaze by the rebels.
Do grounding exercises.
Lead singer for the band OneRepublic, Tedder also writes and produces hits songs for other artists, last year earning an estimated $2.5 million from his extracurricular songwriting alone.
A schematic diagram shows how a 3D printer for food would work.
The opposition have defiantly formed their own, parallel committee, delaying the election and prompting international concern.
Nobility is a scam.
When the court suspended the ban, it said the measure infringed on the protesters' fundamental rights more than was reasonably necessary.
Barack Obama is a committed capitalist.
Capitalists are right-wing.
Being a tomboy and being a trans boy are two entirely different things.
There's a reason most people don't use 4chan.
"I've got a lot of friends." "That's because you're a drug dealer."
I love things like that.
Tom has never told anyone otherwise.
Bangladesh is a country in South Asia, bordered by India to the north, east, and west and Myanmar to the southeast.
Bangladesh is the eighth most populous country in the world, with a population of approximately 164 million people.
Bangladesh is home to numerous scenic natural attractions, including the world's largest delta, the Sundarbans and the world's longest natural sea beach, Cox's Bazar.
Bangladesh is known for its rich textile industry, which is a major contributor to its economy.
Bangladesh has a vibrant music and dance culture, with traditional music and dance styles such as Baul and Jari.
Bangla, also known as Bengali, is the official and most widely spoken language in Bangladesh.
Dhaka is the largest city and the capital of Bangladesh.
As we land our spaceship in Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh, we quickly realize that our presence is not appreciated by the local population.
As we step off the plane in Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh, we are immediately struck by the heat and humidity of this tropical country.
We start our journey by visiting some of the famous landmarks, such as the Lalbagh Fort and the Dhaka University.
As we travel to the rural areas of Bangladesh, we are welcomed with open arms by the local communities.
As we prepare to return home, we are already planning our next trip to Bangladesh.
It was my first time visiting Rajshahi and I had an amazing time!
One of my favorite parts of the trip was visiting the rural areas of Bangladesh.
Overall, my visit to Bangladesh was an incredible experience.
One of the biggest similarities between Bangladesh and West Bengal is the language that is spoken.
Bangladesh is an independent country.
Bangladesh and China are two distinct countries with different cultural, political, and economic systems.
The economy of Bangladesh is primarily driven by agriculture, garment manufacturing, and remittances.
Cricket is the most popular sport in Bangladesh.
The economy of Bangladesh is mainly based on agriculture and the garment industry.
Bangladesh has made significant progress in reducing poverty and improving health and education in recent years.
We're lucky to live at the time we do.
Remember to thank your local drug dealer.
Marriage has a higher regret rate than gender-affirming care.
In many U.S. states, teenagers can get married to adults.
Republicans have consistently voted against raising the minimum age for marriage, because they are a child grooming cult.
Russia is the only country to blame for its decision to launch an unprovoked imperialist invasion of Ukraine.
I love seeing people who think asking to join NATO is a provocation but the Six-Day War was completely unprovoked.
Conservative U.S. states are rapidly making it illegal to be trans while living in them.
Conservative U.S. states are rapidly making it illegal to be trans while living in them; this is an example of why there are more trans people in more liberal states. People either flee the conservative states or die.
I fled Ohio for New York state.
Drag is an art form.
Drag is not inherently sexual.
Drag is an ancient art form.
Only some drag is sexual, just like only some movies are sexual.
The same people who think a 10-year-old is too young to socially transition into a different gender also think a 10-year-old is old enough to be forced to carry a baby to term.
Social transition is when a trans person starts going by a different name and pronouns and begins dressing differently; it does not imply hormones or surgical interventions.
Prepubescent children are only allowed to socially transition; at about puberty age, they are given completely reversible puberty blockers if they have persisted in their identity.
There are a lot of unfounded claims being made about puberty blockers, but they are safe medicine that has been approved by the FDA since the 1990s.
A lot of people like to go on the Internet and tell lies.
Childhood gender dysphoria is managed in an extremely conservative way, to the point that many trans children will not be diagnosable with gender dysphoria until they are older.
Love doesn't just hurt.
Love replenishes.
Love revitalizes.
Love comforts.
Love eases burdens.
Love makes the world more colorful.
Love elates.
He was beside the trellis up which climbed his treasured fuchsia.
A recent study indicates that a disturbing number of American children with high blood pressure go undiagnosed.
Today, kayakers and canoers love to run the rapids of the South Platte River, which flows through the shadows of Denver's skyscrapers.
He still milks the camels at dawn every day.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that newcomer filmmaker Rian Johnson has created the most riveting yet Star Wars episode, with a thought-provoking tale, stellar performances, great ensemble cast and a plot that is emotionally satisfying without being cliched.
They’re emerging from basements, sweeping away rubble, patching windows and beginning to rebuild their lives.
All the naughts in the universe are equal to one naught alone, in regard to their substance and value.
His disciples consider him a prophet, despite the former mathematics professor’s almost phlegmatic demeanor.
A glitch in software meant to encrypt and protect online transactions has potentially exposed millions of passwords, credit card numbers and other sensitive bits of information to theft by computer hackers.
The chats, on the encrypted messaging app Telegram, shocked islanders for their vulgarity and crassness and raised questions about possible conflicts of interest and violations of the law.
You might want to look that word up.
"Can I ask you a question?" "No."
Google is free.
Capitalism is a scam.
We thought they were extinct.
My cousin defected from communist Hungary in the 1960s.
Tom thinks he's going to fix the world's problems with vibes.
Who owns your politician?
Crystals possess no healing properties.
If alternative medicine worked, it would just be called medicine.
This is your periodic reminder that countries aren't real; we made them up.
The name of Lake Titicaca makes many English speakers giggle.
"Sanctions are wrong." "But Tom, don't you support BDS?"
"Israel has inflicted fifty Holocausts upon the Palestinian people." "Wow. Israel killed 300 million Palestinians?"
AIDS alone could account for the difference in the number of people in different generations who identify as LGBTQ+.
"Why are there more LGBTQ Americans in younger generations?" "Because Reagan murdered most of the ones in older generations."
When gender dysphoria was still considered a mental illness, the evidence-based, best-practice treatment for it was to help sufferers transition.
He inculcated in me a passion to learn how to speak on my feet: to speak in an orderly, thoughtful way and with a certain amount of force and drama.
The $1.3 billion bailout is aimed at kickstarting the country’s economy and restructuring its debt.
"We don't affirm schizophrenia, so why affirm gender dysphoria?" "Gender dysphoria isn't considered a mental illness anymore, but in any case, the research does not tell us to affirm schizophrenia, unlike gender dysphoria. If affirming were the best treatment for schizophrenia, we would do it."
If it moves and it shouldn't, use duct tape. If it doesn't move and it should, use WD-40.
The anterolateral ligament (ALL) appears to play an important role in patients with anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) tears.
On top of the mountains are the chalets with their kine, and at a certain elevation the milk and the wine meet, while below is the water of the lake, so good to mix with both.
But when the test results are broken down by subgroup, the differences are dramatic.
There are still at least a dozen of what once numbered 55 or more of these large timepieces, weighing up to two tons, perched on cast-iron pedestals or columns on important downtown streets.
He also told the graduates in Washington that if they want to see change, they cannot "sleepwalk through life" but must actively participate in the democratic system.
White says people have been showing their appreciation by bringing comfort food to the workers, Louisiana-style — spaghetti with venison and the local specialty, jambalaya.
So Bode developed an outboard motor that runs on indigenous oils made in a seed press.
He later became a panelist on PBS’ “Inside Washington” and eventually joined Fox News as a political analyst.
A conservationist with the Wildlife Trust of India said the elephant is seen as a wise, sagacious animal across the country's diverse cultures and communities.
A vast bedlam of sound flies up to my window, and above all is the immense whistling of unseen and unfelt winds.
Now came, preceded by lictors with their fasces, the vestal virgins, seated in silver chariots drawn by milk-white steeds, followed closely by another band of flamens, leading a long line of hostia (oxen to be sacrificed), their horns richly gilded, their heads adorned with wreaths, each animal led by a victimarius.
Pterosaurs are usually depicted in films like King Kong and Jurassic Park as having enormous bony crests on the tops of their skulls.
Puzzle came from a litter of 10 puppies all of which were aptitude-tested at six weeks and 10 weeks old for various gifts; high drive, willingness to work for a human, curiosity, problem solving skills, intuitiveness, tenacity.
Residents are known for dressing conservatively, if not for wearing clothes that are downright stodgy.
As the government launches an ambitious $3 billion plan to rejuvenate the 2,500 kilometer long Ganges, the green campaigner swings between optimism and despair.
The 23 sites being considered by UNESCO, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, to be added to its World Heritage List include coal mines, steel works and shipyards that exemplify how Japan became the first Asian nation to enter the modern industrial age from 1850 to 1910.
Owing to the encroachment of the sea, it had also been found necessary to remove Comboyuro Point Lighthouse and the keeper's cottage some 200 feet further inland.
God bless you, and us with it!
I believe Tom can save the world.
Life is but a dream.
Morning, sleepyhead!
Good morning, sunshine!
The Daily Mail supported British fascist Oswald Mosley.
I think it was you.
It's Reagan's fault.
The damage could be catastrophic.
Guess I'll die.
Members of both parties lambasted the real estate mogul for remarks that they assert were racist.
Your teacher, Professor Eleazar Fig, dies at the end of Hogwarts Legacy. This happens in all possible endings and can't be changed. Oh, and Rookwood is the one who cursed Anne.
He wasn't exceptional.
Vicodin, Oxycontin and their cousins quickly became popular, providing a euphoric effect while they dulled pain.
Some people push back.
On a beautiful Sunday afternoon on the White Plume ranch, several young Lakota men and women are hard at work helping to attach gutters to the roof.
These are cafes, patterned after Middle East lounges, where people gather to smoke fruit-flavored tobacco from water pipes.
Shea had gone to bed and I should have followed suit, for we are always in the saddle here before sunrise; but instead I sat there before the chess table in the library, idly blowing smoke at the dishonored head of my defeated king.
Well, you must sup with me some evening; I have tolerable muraenae in my reservoir, and I ask Pansa the aedile to meet you.
In India maize is a summer crop, ripening in the autumn, when the ears or cobs are picked off the stalks.
While most nurses reported for duty, they joined pickets outside the hospitals leaving only skeleton staff to care for patients.
If his words were equivocal, his manner left their meaning unmistakable.
I want a big, dumb dog.
Tom rickrolled me.
We should both shower if we're going to do that.
As a rule, governments are worse than their peoples.
He doesn't get us.
"You want to go see Roger Waters next month?" "I dunno; how much is he paying us?"
Is Roger Waters a narcissist?
Am I out of touch?
Brianna Ghey was a 16-year-old British trans girl who was stabbed to death in a park. Her blood is on the hands of the British media.
16-year-old Brianna Ghey's death certificate will misgender her because she was considered too young to get a Gender Recognition Certificate. Both mainstream political parties opposed her right to get one.
Brianna Ghey was old enough to be a victim of transphobic violence, but she wasn't considered old enough to have the correct name and gender on her death certificate.
No child is born hating trans people.
Transphobia is taught by society.
"If you do the right thing, God will take care of you." "Unfortunately, that's not true."
There's no hate like Christian love.
The United States has a growing internal trans refugee crisis.
Trans people are increasingly being forced to move from their homes in more conservative U.S. states to more liberal states, though not all have the ability.
It's important for progressive countries to carve out room for trans refugees from the United States and Britain, both of which are currently treated as safe places by the asylum laws of most countries.
Trans refugees need financial assistance as well.
Police lie.
People are at least four times as likely to regret having children as they are to regret gender-affirming surgeries.
I'm going to go out on a limb and say that being murdered for being trans is worse than being criticized for playing a game that supports a transphobe.
Trans people need to arm ourselves and learn to defend ourselves if we haven't already done so.
Wyoming Republicans killed a bill to raise the legal marriage age to 16, citing their "constitutional right" to marry a child.
The trip started out by ship from Singapore to Yangon, Myanmar’s commercial hub, where it continued by road to the country’s border with China at Chinshwehaw, on the border with China’s Yunnan province.
They are betting this thuggish regime will survive.
She was one of the last great stars of Hollywood's Golden Age, known both on and off the screen for her irreverence and independence.
Russo said 2,000 years ago this was the heart of the Flavian amphitheater where all the preparations for the shows took place.
One item on the summit's agenda has raised hackles at the European Commission, which runs the EU's day-to-day affairs.
"This is a public place," said Nady Abdulhalim Mahmoud, a zookeeper, while a nearby giraffe munched on leaves.
Sendak is most known for authoring and illustrating the classic children’s book, Where the Wild Things Are, which was published in 1963.
Atrial fibrillation happens when electrical impulses in two of the four chambers of the heart go into an irregular or chaotic pattern.
Dishwashing and factory work were not enough to provide for his family, so he took an evening and weekend job as a shuttle driver, transporting senior citizens and people with disabilities to and from work.
Everything in the universe is either a potato or not a potato.
There's a video of Tom dancing to "Dragostea Din Tei" by O-Zone.
Tom has an OnlyFans.
Mary also has an OnlyFans.
Kitty!
Most mass shooters were not diagnosed with any mental illness.
We don't need a special day to love each other.
Bangladesh is a country in South Asia.
Bangladesh's capital and largest city is Dhaka.
Bangladesh became an independent country in 1971.
Most people in Bangladesh are Muslim.
Bangladesh is slightly smaller than Tajikistan in terms of area.
There are two main rivers in Bangladesh.
The Bengal delta has been ruled by Hindu rulers, Muslim rulers, and the British empire.
Bangladesh declared itself as independent from Pakistan in 1971 after a liberation war in which over a million people died.
The President of Bangladesh acts as Head of state, but the Prime Minister of Bangladesh acts as Head of government.
Bangladesh is divided into eight administrative divisions.
There are 64 districts in Bangladesh.
Most of the Muslims in Bangladesh are Sunni.
Bangladesh makes about 80 films a year.
Eid ul-Fitr and Eid ul-Adha are major religious festivals in Bangladesh.
Hadudu is the national sport in Bangladesh.
The Constitution of Bangladesh was written in 1972.
Hinduism is the second largest religious affiliation in Bangladesh.
Infinite scrolling is user-hostile.
Infinite scrolling is deliberately addictive.
Infinite scrolling actively harms users to benefit corporate interests.
Utilizing infinite scrolling on your website is a sign of either ignorance or sociopathy.
Rank-and-file Republicans commit mass shootings; Republican politicians make sure that nothing is ever done about them.
J.K. Rowling has views that align with Nazis.
Money breeds contempt.
You're stalling!
Tom went for a single-leg takedown.
Tom went for a single-leg.
Tom went for a double-leg takedown, but John sprawled.
"Western civilization" was made up during World War I.
LGBTQ people have been around longer than the concept of "Western civilization."
Gamers are not an oppressed minority.
When I have a panic attack, my best strategy for coping with it is to accept whatever I'm afraid of.
I've gotten through many a panic attack by accepting the death I think is imminent.
Christian nationalists are the problem.
There were moneychangers in the Temple because Roman colonizer money wasn't accepted there.
Jewish pilgrims often bought sacrifices at the Temple to avoid dragging a carcass from far away.
Oh my God, I saw that.
ACAB includes Tom.
The Internet is a fad.
Can you help me learn Rust?
The wealthy display their dazzling luxury, the poor drape themselves proudly in their rags.
Daraprim usually retails for about $1.50 per pill in Australia and Britain.
But it says there has been an overemphasis on programs of short-term stabilization over more long-term development and stability projects.
Aquaponics is the idea of producing vegetables and fish in the same closed system.
At the beginning of the broadcast, the debate announcers called each candidate's name.
All over the shop floated the sneezy stuff.
But how can you find rational pleasure in spinning round like a teetotum in a room of eighty degrees temperature?
But the history of this project is filled with two decades of false starts and dashed expectations.
Neither is more correct than the other.
I've had it up to here with Tom.
It's not my first choice.
It wouldn't be my first choice.
It wouldn't be my first choice, but it'd be fine.
It's not my first choice, but it's fine.
Singular use of the English pronoun "they" is older than singular use of the pronoun "you."
No one's getting past that dragon.
Ogrish is a simple language.
That town is full of vampires.
Everyone in that town has become a vampire.
The elves' secret underground home is accessible through a hole in a tree.
These cookies were made with love and magic.
Raise the roof!
We're going to slow things down.
Tom has wings.
Tom has a tail.
Tom has horns.
Tom has four arms.
Tom has three eyes.
Tom has a third eye on his forehead.
Tom has antennae.
Tom has a second head, which he only uses to eat and drink.
I was in denial of being an emo kid.
I wasn't goth, but I wore all black and hung out with a bunch of goth kids.
It's a tough sell.
It's a hard sell.
It does exist.
It's real to me.
I saw you throw that at Tom.
I saw you flick your tail.
I saw you stick your claws out.
Why is the fire you breathe that color?
Only those who were able to flee the city survived.
I hate my head.
I shouldn't talk; I'm the same way.
I was a social butterfly.
It was my first time leaving Australia.
What is the meaning of this, Jackson?
There's a double rainbow!
Communism is the goal.
Are we the baddies?
The soul survives the death of the body.
What do you call a dragon without wings?
The army of the dead is approaching.
It's a ship full of living corpses.
The rabbi's grandson weaponized golems, selling them as soldiers to any state that could pay.
An army of golems is approaching.
Sholem was possessed by the dybbuk of a very evil man.
Take this, to put in the tzedakah box.
Cats are delightful.
Have you no sense of decency, sir? At long last, have you left no sense of decency?
We trained for this.
We're trained for this.
You had to have known Tom was recording our conversation with John in Boston.
I wouldn't put it past the guy who killed Tom.
When will the New York Times start fact-checking its own Opinion section?
Op-eds containing factual arguments should be subject to fact-checking.
J.K. Rowling is not a victim, nor does she even support free speech.
J.K. Rowling uses aggressive litigation to silence her critics.
J.K. Rowling has not been silenced by anyone, but she has silenced a lot of people.
J.K. Rowling is not the victim of her own crusade against trans people.
J.K. Rowling is one of the least "canceled" people on the planet.
That Rowling is transphobic is not a matter of serious debate in 2023.
New York Times op ed writers constantly demonize trans people, leading to real-world violence, then cry crocodile tears about writers being "demonized" when they're called out for it.
Look! Mushrooms!
What planet do fungi come from?
I had a long conversation with a mushroom.
Animals are closely related to fungi.
Fungi are closer to animals than to plants.
I'm glad Tom stopped dipping.
The New York Times buried AIDS during its crucial early years.
He's dead, Tom.
It's very suggestive.
One hand cannot clap or weave silk.
He'd gone as a volunteer to help build a simple mud dam needed to trap monsoonal water for cattle.
We at least oughta know each other's name.
While many anti-vaxxers question the safety and efficacy of vaccines, opposition to vaccination is often couched in libertarian terms: It’s my body, my choice.
This one is me, in anger.
Treatment for intravenous drug users in Vietnam remains a very sensitive subject, but the expansion of methadone treatment has been welcomed by HIV clinicians.
It’s believed purple nut sedge may have the ability to inhibit the growth of Streptococcus mutans.
If it be bad to idolise you, I am the worst of men; if it be good, I am the best.
Koufagued says three of the wounded Tuesday have gone into hypovolemic shock, a life-threatening condition that occurs when persons lose more than 20 percent of their blood.
The inspectors' first task would be to set up offices and reinstall remote surveillance equipment and cameras.
The researchers Chris Berry of Cardiff University, Wales, and John Marshall of England’s Southampton University have dated this ancient forest and found it to be about 380 million years old.
Documents presented to court state that the security personnel were armed with deadly weapons and brandished them “with gusto” as they stormed into the offices and made the arrests.
Poverty is a policy choice.
Homelessness is a policy choice.
We are cognizant of the problem.
How can I take my meds if you're on my chest, kitty?
When cats are upset, they let you know.
Cats communicate very clearly, but you have to know the language.
I think he's a fool.
No one has ever been killed or injured by cancel culture.
Tom's been in the hospital ever since he was canceled on Twitter.
When flaxseeds are wet they become very sticky on the outside.
He was fair-haired and fair-complexioned, yet not insipid looking, for his eyes were deeply blue, or at least appeared so, thanks to their bordering of dark eyelashes.
Nearly all of New York City's 300,000 employees were required to be back at their workplaces this week as the city ended remote work.
The records will include birth, marriage, death and immigration certificates once not obtainable on the Internet.
In currency trading in Asia, the euro firmed against both the U.S. dollar and the yen.
The Roodee at Chester appears to have been one of the first public racecourses; the townspeople gave a silver bell to be run for.
He can see the physio whenever he wants.
The indestructibility of matter is the corner-stone of modern philosophy, and the indestructibility of matter implies its eternal existence, that is, it never was created and it never will cease to exist.
Two lava streams have entered the ocean, sending hydrochloric acid and steam with fine glass particles into the air, which can lead to lung damage, and eye and skin irritation, the Hawaii County Civil Defense agency said.
If the Pygmies of Central Africa don’t survive the assortment of threats currently assailing them, says a leading anthropologist, the continent will lose an important part of its “genetic and cultural history.”
"My God, give me my share of fire, even if it means hell", say our old women when they are cold in winter.
His supporters believe the charges are fabricated, and his opponents are calling for his resignation.
A man kisses whom he may and loves whom he mayn’t.
It is a testament to the widespread agreement on the need for infrastructure investment that even groups adamantly opposed to Biden’s plan to pay for it with a tax increase or concerned about the possibility of inflation were quick to praise the proposal’s breadth and ambition.
The New Zealand Alpine flowers are usually white—helichrysums, daisies or heaths; though sometimes the daisies are yellow, and there are mauve campanulas, and the white violets have streaks of mauve.
Even within the forest, the ground is concealed by a mass of slowly putrefying vegetable matter, which, from being soaked with water, yields to the foot.
Our eyes may bulge, our arms may flail but that does not necessarily mean that there is any greater lack of freedom here than there is anywhere else.
Tampa slumbered as a little fishing village while East Coast beach towns began to boom as vacation resorts in the late 1800s.
The alleged invalidation of the treaty of 1839 being thus unimportant, Dr. Dernberg and Professor von Mach fall back upon the only remaining defense, that France had already violated the neutrality of Belgium with the latter’s consent.
The stocky 12 year old boy with the dark but sparkly eyes flashes a grin of protruding pearlescent incisors.
However, recent industry figures show these bookshops are not only surviving, they are thriving.
"Are you OK?" "Yes, everything's fine."
Is string theory wrong?
Was Charles Manson a victim of cancel culture, too?
Name one Charles Manson song.
Tom's father was an ogre.
Tom is half-ogre.
Bisexuals are not more hedonistic than members of other sexualities.
It's pastors who are a threat to children, not drag queens.
Far out upon the plains the lone wolf skulked among the sage and cactus in search of the rabbit and antelope, or lay panting in the scanty shade of the yucca.
So now the young princess has 30 days to find a suitable suitor and get married in order to preserve the monarchy — or does she?
Extremely precise images can be examined from all sides, and zooming in does not lower the resolution — in fact, it reveals more and more detail.
At first, as in most of the other countries mentioned, hoods were worn, but when Charles VII. made his triumphal entry into Rouen, in 1449, he wore a hat lined with red velvet and surmounted with a rich plume of feathers.
Oxygen was later produced and introduced into our atmosphere through two processes; photochemical dissociation, caused by the breakup of water molecules by the sun’s ultraviolet light, and photosynthesis, the process that uses carbon dioxide and water (H₂O) to form organic compounds while also releasing oxygen (O₂).
Only one state had an incidence rate below 100 Wednesday, while seven topped 165 — including the two most populous, Bavaria and North Rhine-Westphalia.
Guiltware is a piece of freeware decorated with a message telling one how long and hard the author worked on it and intimating that one is a no-good freeloader if one does not immediately send the poor suffering martyr gobs of money.
The chronic irascible gossiper is evidently a characteristic type of person who has specialized in this mode of reaction to anger.
An investigative committee has accused 300 organizations, individuals and some army officials of financial malfeasance totaling an estimated $241 million in fraud and overpayments of contracts.
That's not what I came here to get.
That's not what I came here to find.
She compares it to the unanswerable question: Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
It's behind that wall.
If you lift that candlestick, it'll move the bookcase and grant us access to the cellar.
There's an argument to be made that Tom Jackson lived in Boston.
Chickens evolved from other birds that laid eggs, so the egg came first.
Then, with a quick movement he pulled up his sleeve and showed on his right forearm a great cicatrice, asking: “Do you remember how I received this?”
"Once you're in a mess, at least you shut up," MohYa said in the story of "the bird in the cow dung" he told in one of his audio tapes.
Although, according to law, a nobleman could only be tried by the Council of State, the king summoned twelve peasants to retry the case.
How is taking your child to a drag show any different from taking them to a wrestling match?
"How is taking your child to a drag show any different from taking them to a wrestling match?" "The drag show is less gay and less sexual."
I want to read more about this.
Isn't Tom a lord of some sort?
Tom's story shocked the nation.
Don't forget Tom's exorcism is tomorrow.
No one listens to Tom.
They're pirates.
It's cold there.
It gets cold there.
Here's a riddle for you: All day long, they look at each other; at night, they kiss each other. Can you guess what they are? Well, what else could they be but a pair of doors?
I live in England.
Tom lives in England.
Tom was beaten up for speaking Welsh in school.
Tom was punished for speaking Welsh in school.
I live in Cardiff.
Cardiff is the capital of Wales.
I live in Newport.
Tom's Welsh is impeccable.
Tom's French is impeccable.
Isn't Tom loaded?
Tom is loaded, isn't he?
I thought Tom was loaded.
There are no just hierarchies.
We rescued Cookie.
We rescued our dog.
Our dog Cookie is a rescue.
How much do you really know about hippopotamuses?
You would make a good Muppet.
He's always been a conservative.
"Ever since you got clean, you've been a huge asshole." "Oh... I forgot to tell you, I relapsed months ago."
Low German and High German are separate languages.
Low German is closer to Frisian than to High German.
Low German is closer to Frisian and Dutch than to High German.
Mr. Glass did not, like most successful humorists, begin as a writer of tragedy.
A book such as this restores the hope that the spirit of humor has not wholly perished from the earth.
Below-freezing temperatures combined with compacting snow has meant traffic chaos for drivers in Germany, Poland and elsewhere.
“Young voter turnout is super important in this election because it is a new wave of voters whose loyalties are up for grabs for either party, Democrat or Republican,” wrote Samuel Kaufman, a Texas high school student, in an email.
Could I get a referral to your food pantry?
Variegated leaves fluctuate between green and white, or green and yellow, and display these colors in nearly all possible patterns.
Think of it—me sitting in the hotel in Antwerp and him lugging in oranges by the bagful because he was fond of fruit!
The Bantu languages are a subfamily of the Niger-Congo languages.
But amid the designer shops and glass swathed high-rise buildings lies a small den of the bizarre; a place where valuable antiques jostle for place with the kitsch and the worthless, and slogans compete for space on the walls.
It is clearly overwrought, and I do not think a lot of people are buying the message, but that does not prevent the president from trying.
It's OK to want attention.
The gradual introduction of the choicer products of literature into the grades of the common school has been going on for several years.
In 1986 the New York Times published an article by William F. Buckley, Jr. in which he suggested branding AIDS patients with tattoos.
Zucchini is a variety of summer squash.
It's within the realm of possibility.
Much of the propaganda smearing LGBTQ people as pedophiles originates on 4chan or 8chan, two sites notorious for harboring pedophiles.
That's not a drag show; it's a straight strip club.
Channers love to project their own pedophilia onto queer people.
I'm not sure why the right is itching to bar Donald Trump from another term by introducing cognitive tests for the presidency.
"Yes, you're beautiful. Why do you think everyone always tells you you are?" "I thought they were just being nice to me." "Most people aren't that nice. A lot of people are even huge assholes."
What is the capital city of Bangladesh?
Which river flows through Bangladesh and is a major source of water for irrigation and transportation?
What is the official language of Bangladesh?
Which religion is the majority in Bangladesh?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Bangladesh?
What is the national animal of Bangladesh?
Which significant event in Bangladesh's history led to its independence in 1971?
Which industry is the largest contributor to Bangladesh's economy?
What is the traditional attire worn by men and women in Bangladesh called?
The capital city of Bangladesh is Dhaka.
Islam is the majority religion in Bangladesh, with over 90% of the population practicing it.
The national animal of Bangladesh is the Royal Bengal Tiger.
The current Prime Minister of Bangladesh is Khaleda Zia.
The garment industry is the largest contributor to Bangladesh's economy.
What is the most popular sport in Bangladesh?
On every bank and hedgerow grow bushes of hydrangeas, with their flaunting blue blossoms, while great clumps of belladonna lilies transform the whole landscape, and the country seems to blush a beautiful rosy-pink.
It's no bother.
The shop also offers the full range of sacred hardware — and all these chalices and crucifixes and tabernacles are worth a pretty penny.
The cobwebs are more authentic than the gimp laces, and the old pear-tree furniture on exhibition is actually younger than the mahogany which arrived but yesterday from America.
The number of people self-identifying as left-handed shot up when stigma against left-handedness was eliminated.
The move follows the recent arrest of two young women in connection with what many call an innocuous Facebook post.
However, medical officials in Africa and overseas have expressed concern that the African continent’s true COVID-19 situation has been underdiagnosed and underreported.
To divide up anything so continuous as literature and art into sections like a bookcase is uncommonly like damming up a portion of a stream to look at the fish in it.
If you stay here long, you will become so Westernized that you will lose all love for New England.
As soon as the news of this discovery was made known, false reports, misrepresentation, and slander flew as on the wings of the wind in every direction.
Why are cats so sweet?
How are the puppers?
You'll see why that's important soon.
That's going to become more and more important in the days to come.
You've never seen anything like this.
What you're about to see may disturb you.
We're caught up.
Can I see that book?
Can I see a menu?
Can I have a menu?
I'd like to order food.
Would you like to start a tab?
You wanna start a tab?
You're cut off.
I'm not ordering food.
Bangladesh is one of the fastest growing country in the world and aim to play a leading role in this emerging market of Bangladesh through development of a platform for the manufacturing industry.
Her kidneys were bad.
People were tougher back then.
She had a brief relationship with Tom Jackson.
He used to be married to Tom Jackson.
They had a brief fling.
We're going to be wrapping this up soon.
Have you ever wondered if the stories are true?
You can't exorcise demons.
I can give you the address if you want.
He decided to go back.
Tom decided to go back.
They were pretty old.
Alternative medicine kills.
I want to see that picture.
She was going to, but she decided not to.
This was the beginning of the end.
That was the beginning of the end.
He's going to kill you.
They're not prepared.
They aren't prepared.
They weren't very well prepared.
They hadn't done much preparation.
They hadn't prepared much.
It was no secret.
There's a pond in the middle of the forest.
A lot of the same people whining about "free speech" will, in the same breath, push to censor books on racism and LGBTQ issues from school libraries.
They've always been hypocrites and they've never cared about free speech.
The baby was born early Monday morning, weighing 7 lb 3 oz (3.26 kg).
He is the final authority to decide whether or not merchandise is returnable, for refund, exchange or credit.
Crimea isn't part of Russia.
At one time, Rodinia contained most, if not all, of Earth’s landmass, and began to break apart about 750 million years ago during the Neoproterozoic era.
The spring of these emotions is the natural body, but it sends pulsations far into the spirit.
"We have a pope." "I'm sorry."
His one great fault in the eyes of his partners was that he hated to divvy his winnings and at times had to be coerced into sharing equally.
I've never had a cat.
The dried flowers, finely powdered and mixed with oil or lard make a useful ointment for acute hemorrhoids.
A painter-friend of his, who had been patiently watching his opportunity to get a word with him as he stood there exchanging handshakes, managed at last to get near enough for conversation.
The delight he experienced when he looked upon a fine painting, was mainly the desire of possession; and satiety soon followed possession.
Tom won't stop meowing at me.
"Tom won't stop meowing at me." "Your cat?" "Oh, no. Sorry. Tom's my husband."
No, I don't think we have too many cats.
It's not so bad, it's good. It's just bad.
But it was not, in fact, the end of ideology.
I must have taken a wrong turn.
"Instead of posting, try praying." "But in all my years of praying, I haven't gotten so much as a like in response."
I often saw ducks in the pond in the middle of the forest.
Were they anarchists?
He was a Trotskyist.
He was a Trot.
They were trusted to make good decisions.
Tom barely even noticed it.
We don't want to fight for you.
Tom showed a lot of promise.
Tom has shown a lot of promise.
I don't like this guy.
He had just been arrested.
I think Cookie got into something he wasn't supposed to.
Dogs bred to have short muzzles often have breathing problems.
I've had enough of your tomfoolery, Tom.
I've had enough of your tomfoolery.
There goes Tom with his tomfoolery again.
That's enough tomfoolery.
Intellectual property is theft.
Reading this sentence constitutes acceptance of its terms and conditions.
You're not just adorable; you're two dorables!
The social contract is, specifically, a EULA.
As you can see, I'm very random.
I'm not inspired.
It's an old version.
It's not inspired.
It wasn't inspired.
"How was the movie?" "Uninspired."
Tom logged off.
I refuse to answer that question.
I don't owe you an answer.
"What have you been doing all night?" "Playing Minecraft." "Did you mine all the crafts?" "Not yet."
At the moment I do not have any social media sites open in any of my browsers. You can do this, too.
Everyone who disagrees with you isn't the same person.
Yemenite Hebrew is the closest living tradition to Tiberian Hebrew, though it actually comes from the similar Babylonian Hebrew.
We did the best we could for them.
Tom doesn't bowl.
Tom is a professional bowler.
Tom is a league championship bowler.
They don't say it like that in French.
We're all doing what we can.
Cookie stuck his butt in my face again.
They targeted gamers. Gamers.
Grief is powerful.
Grief can mess you up if you're not careful.
When is the Kabyle flag coming back to Tatoeba?
Dr. Roscigno says the development of simpler, more reliable and more cost-effective methods of diagnosing diseases in developing countries will save millions of lives and help people in these nations move out of poverty.
He also chastised the world’s billionaires, who he said went “joyriding to space while millions go hungry on Earth.”
The novel material is made of seven layers of miniscule interwoven fibers, each about as thick as a human hair.
The U.S. Constitution was poorly written.
The reason no one can agree on what the U.S. Constitution says is, in part, because it was poorly written, leaving a lot of room for interpretation.
Trump lost. Fuck your feelings.
Tom was his usual, chipper self today.
Pigs are for hugging, not for eating.
I saw her little calico dress, her little brown bare feet, the ringlets of yellow hair hung about her cheeks.
Why did an all-powerful God need to put Adam to sleep to remove his rib? And why did he need the rib in the first place?
What does God need with that?
He's my long-lost brother.
Does the captain know?
Captain, there's an unidentified alien ship approaching.
He found the speeches tedious enough, and thought Sir John a dreadful windbag.
God is a cat.
I don't understand why the author had to make Tom straight when this added nothing to the story.
The case created a great stir in the hospital, and one doctor who saw it remarked, ‘So that is true cowpox!’
Now, headlines more often point to its fast-growing economy and its emergence as a regional peacemaker.
In East and West alike there are oracular wells inhabited by spirits gifted with powers of divination.
But the World Health Organization's Roland Sutter says that the triple, or 'trivalent' vaccine is, in effect, overkill.
America has too many cars and not enough public transportation.
Do you hear birds?
Do you hear a bird?
"Are there any safe, non-abusive psychiatric wards around here?" "No."
It really is happening.
If you lived here, you'd be home by now.
Why would Tom ghost me?
Tom's being called out.
Tom isn't a Millennial.
That will be it for today.
That'll be it.
I need the schematics.
Wake me up before you go.
I accidentally got two bottles of conditioner.
He has a hard time bringing in enough money.
"That looks like a nasty rash." "I got it from a caterpillar."
He was a communist rebel.
Most wars aren't necessary.
He started losing his shit.
He's jealous of them.
I love his character arc.
Tom? Who's Tom?
Due to its intersection with misogyny, transphobia casts trans men as victims and trans women as predators.
He's the guy with the Saddam mustache.
He disappeared mysteriously.
He mysteriously disappeared.
He complained about her constantly.
Tom won't stop farting.
You believe in angels; why do demons seem far-fetched?
Mr. Jackson is a terrible teacher.
Mr. Jackson is the worst teacher.
Forget everything you think you know about Boston.
We're on a spaceship.
You are on day 333 of your 30-day trial.
Tom makes me so mad.
Tom chases a mouse around all day.
I mean that with no disrespect.
I mean that with full disrespect.
The world's plutocrats are globalized; the world proletariat must be internationalized.
Putin invaded Ukraine after his initial attempt to take over the country by buying the Ukrainian president was thwarted by the people.
Plutocrats love to buy things that oppose them.
The U.S. media has always reserved its strongest contempt and moral outrage for the left.
The U.S. media is liberal and pro-establishment; it is not left-wing.
Examples of plutocrats buying media that oppose them include the recent far-right takeovers of CNN, Newsweek, and Twitter.
I haven't used that site in ten years.
As we're seeing in the United States, attacks on trans rights go hand-in-hand with attacks on women's rights.
The same people trying to ban trans people are also trying to relegate women back into subservient positions as uncompensated homemakers.
The same people trying to ban trans healthcare are also trying to ban abortion healthcare.
The states that are banning trans healthcare are also notoriously bad places for women to live and to grow up.
The word "robot" comes from Czech.
The word "golem" comes from Hebrew.
This dude is a genius.
Yes, I've always been queer.
Mary doesn't even go here.
They're a wrestling tag team.
I don't care that you're the Pope; you can't touch my feet.
Why does the Pope live in a palace?
Why are galaxies mostly flat?
The sky is blue because of the scattering of sunlight in the atmosphere.
Does Mars have a magnetic field?
Why doesn't Mars have a magnetic field?
If we find life elsewhere in the solar system, we'll know it must be very common outside of it.
Is life a freak occurrence?
The pantry is locked.
But artistically, their influence would prove considerable — which art critics say speaks to just how far ahead of his time Mr. Levy was.
Many, like Tracy from suburban New Jersey, learned about Amma only recently, and decided to come see her in the hope that Amma might sooth the emotional pain they feel.
Whatever or wherever the supralunary may be, our world is more interested in the sublunary tribes.
Then they retype the entire volume by hand, since there is no character recognition software for Nom letters.
He said roads will be doused with water to settle dust that is a huge contributor to the city’s toxic air.
The finest achievement for a man of thought is to have fathomed what may be fathomed, and quietly to revere the unfathomable.
Obama came to Japan offering reassurances that the Japanese leadership has been wanting to hear.
We love competition and healthy attendance, with deep respect.
The report shows worldwide filings of patent applications grew at an average annual rate of 4.7 percent in 2005, with the highest growth rates in North East Asia, particularly in South Korea and China.
The Portuguese were driven away by the enraged worshippers, who were afterwards with difficulty pacified by a profusion of such presents as they most esteemed.
For Serbia and Hungary, Russia's coronavirus vaccine has been a godsend, allowing both countries to accelerate their inoculation drives.
Authorities in Latin America and Europe say more than 500 people have been targeted for arrest for their alleged involvement in an Internet pedophile ring.
He said dissent does not make one unpatriotic and that "the question of who is, or is not, a patriot all too often poisons our political debates."
"I'd sooner walk than take my chances in an antediluvian rattle-trap like that," said the tall wayfarer, bending quite close to her ear.
The WFP chief described people subsisting on mud and cactus flowers and hundreds of emaciated children with ripples of sagging skin on their limbs.
The need of the mycologist, mycophagist and amateur toadstool student is a book giving the genus, names and descriptions of the prominent American toadstools whose edibility has been tested, or whose poisonous qualities have been discovered.
No religion is a monolith.
Tom's making things up again.
The Russian army has no business in Ukraine.
Drug policy must aim to reduce harm as much as possible, not to punish and stigmatize.
My stuff doesn't sell there.
Poetry doesn't pay.
Thanks for reblogging.
I can't imagine that ever helping anyone.
If you commit a crime, don't post about it online.
Tom gave the watchword and was allowed in.
Atrocities of the most vicious kind were justified by the watchwords: "This is war!" "Might is Right." "Necessity knows no law."
Sleep apnea occurs most often when sleeping in a supine position.
We're on a straightaway stretching towards the horizon with no other cars around.
At this level of magnification, I can't even tell what I'm looking at.
Silver nitrate solution added to an aqueous solution of salvarsan acidified with dilute nitric acid yields a dark-yellow precipitate which rapidly becomes black.
The erstwhile lovers chatted and caught up.
It's an unobtrusive way of advertising, so they say.
Tom has been showing a lot of promise.
Tom shows a lot of promise.
Government agencies have increased patrols to nab those behind the crimes.
John Hathorne (as the name was then spelled), the great-grandfather of Nathaniel Hawthorne, was a magistrate at Salem in the latter part of the seventeenth century, and officiated at the famous trials for witchcraft held there.
They were wild men, bursting ever and anon into quarrel, into all kinds of fierce sincerity; without right worth and manhood, no man could have commanded them.
Transmission can also occur via contact with material from the smallpox pustules or crusted scabs, or through materials such as bedding or clothing that has been in contact with the pustules or scabs.
Breaking into the music industry might seem next to impossible, but if you’re a techie who shies away from the spotlight, opportunities abound in California's Silicon Valley.
Other plans include supporting the development of cultural and creative industries in Francophone Africa and the Caribbean, and funding cinema co-productions with North African countries.
Fabienne Lanz’s racing career started at this racetrack more than two decades ago when she was offered a chance to drive a kart.
Rafael Castillo, vice president of the National Penitentiary Council, said the intent is to create an epidemiological containment ring within the prison facility.
State wildlife biologist Beth Waterbury also worked on setting up a baling twine pick up and recycling program in her area.
The type of person who boasts about their IQ is likely to be exaggerating it.
Tatoeba? It's nothing but a bunch of tomfoolery.
I'm not immature! You're immature!
Cookie, I don't think we're in Boston anymore.
Shmuel goes to my shul.
The British Chief Rabbi is really only the head of one Orthodox group.
I daven with Shmuel.
They were ignorant men.
No one says it like that.
Do you think it's cooled down enough?
They had a nickname for you in Boston; what was it?
Learning a new operating system is never easy.
It isn't helpful to dwell on it.
It's not worth dwelling on.
Tom is a classic Byronic hero.
We don't have the technology for that.
I couldn't tell you.
Well, isn't that nice?
Huh. I wonder who that's for.
Snape kills Dumbledore.
The vast majority of Jews have no input into Hollywood whatsoever.
You're the one who wanted to come with me.
Do not flush.
Tom won Employee of the Week.
Fungi talk, but it's mostly a mix of nonsense and penetrating insight into your life.
I don't have much confidence.
Tom doesn't have much confidence.
You little demon!
Why do you think your leaders want you to be afraid of "wokeism" so much?
I was talking about mushrooms.
Tom lives in a giant carved-out mushroom.
Tom is a gnome who lives in a carved-out mushroom.
Mushrooms are wise.
There have been moments during the last ten years when I have fell so portentously old, so fagged and finished, that I should have taken as a very bad joke any intimation that this present sense of juvenility was still in store for me.
The volcano has belched hot gas and debris for more than a week, and increasingly forceful eruptions have sent ash raining down on communities up to 25 kilometers away.
You can go to the Daily Mail with any old made-up story about trans people and they'll print it.
It now aims to harness the explosive growth of African Christianity in re-evangelizing a country where surveys show that one in five people don’t belong to any faith.
But is that goal truly attainable with millions more expected to need antiretroviral drugs in coming years?
Jim Poland—for such was the big man's name—growled and spat reflectively into a spittoon.
She adds another 48 countries are seriously exposed, heightening the threat of a global debt crisis.
R'Bonney Gabriel is the first Filipina American to wear the Miss Universe crown in the pageant's seven-decade history and, at 28, the oldest entrant ever crowned.
The abandonment of their ranches has led to a beef shortage and an increase in prices in some areas.
Is Lady Gaga an actor?
An aromatic oil is extracted from the tiny seeds which are also used, whole, for flavoring pickles.
The pressure was obtained by strong mechanical appliances, and the cold by means of solidified carbonic acid, which looked like lumps of snow.
We've got three cats in the house, and we're also feeding a few strays.
It takes years.
It could lead to a disaster.
Could God create a stone so heavy that he himself could not lift it?
I had little doubt then, and I have less doubt now, that he would have knocked me down without the least compunction, if I had hesitated.
The Seven Years' War (1756–1763) marked the definite adoption of the "frigate" as a standard class of vessel, coming next to ships of the line, and used for cruising and scouting purposes.
The Purbeck beds follow the line of the Jurassic outcrop from Dorsetshire, through the Vale of Wardour, Swindon, Garsington, Brill and Aylesbury.
It could lead to disaster.
What a funny coincidence.
We're on the train to Boston.
Nonbinary Israelis often switch genders when speaking Hebrew, even in the middle of a sentence.
Who could fill Tom's shoes?
Who could hope to fill Tom's shoes?
Converts to Judaism join a people, not just a religion.
Converts to Judaism are in some ways analogous to naturalized citizens of a country, as they have joined a new nation.
I had no idea how weird mussels were.
The CIA used false flag operations to undermine Mohammad Mosaddegh.
The Lavon affair was a planned series of false-flag bombings by Israel in Egypt to be blamed on the Muslim Brotherhood.
It's easy to fly a false flag on the Internet.
No manspreading!
Tom, stop manspreading!
"Prurient" is a word that men use to blame other people for their sexual arousal.
The fox and the tanuki were very clever, prudent beasts, and they also were skilled in magic, and by this means had escaped the fate of their unfortunate friends.
ESG Admins will be notified and they will reach out to the user via email.
Shinzo Abe, a political blueblood, is expected to become prime minister of Japan this month — replacing Junichiro Koizumi, who will retire after five years in office.
In many places, this work contains asterisks within words (as a form of censorship?) or to represent missing fragments of text.
Maradona had recently battled health issues and underwent emergency surgery for a subdural hematoma several weeks ago.
The bulletin board is a riot of posted notices and reminders, the photocopier is in overdrive, and people are busy typing on keyboards and talking into telephones.
British forces had begun the attack about the time the peace treaty was being signed in Ghent.
Tom, you're manspreading.
Thou standest in the fulness of thy youth, and thou hast blood, not water, in thy veins.
She's found out that Zhukov's tobacco costs two rubles, while Faler's is only one ruble ninety kopeks a pound.
Every time I see an Omni-Man meme, I mistake him for Fuhrer King Bradley from Full Metal Alchemist.
I'm a princess.
Tom is the Duke of Boston.
There are no counts in U.S. and Canadian counties.
It's a sentence about nothing!
What's the deal with airline food?
Life is unsatisfactory.
Life is a wild goose chase.
Whoa, Tom, you can't say that!
Tom is problematic.
Tom is my problematic fave.
Just what exactly is a marquess?
When the lion got sick, even the hare peed on his nose.
This town ain't big enough for the both of us.
Pain is one of the few things guaranteed in life.
I haven't had strawberry shortcake in a long time.
Strawberry shortcake is easy to make vegan.
Strawberry shortcake is delicious.
Carrot cake is Tom's favorite.
Can you show me how to make coffee cake?
I had a coffee cake; that was about it.
This coffee cake is exquisite.
The only evidence of the once stately pile of Castra Regis and its inhabitants was a shapeless huddle of shattered architecture, dimly seen as the keen breeze swept aside the cloud of acrid smoke which marked the site of the once lordly castle.
These industrial parks were envisaged as havens for domestic and foreign investors.
Why, you told mamma this morning that you were going to bring a ‘muttonhead’ home for dinner this evening.
COVID-19 lockdowns brought bluer skies to some of the world's smoggy cities.
He goes cheerfully from one end of France to the other, singing as he plods along.
The old corpuscular theory of light, which now seems so childishly incomplete to us, was adequate, none the less, for satisfactorily explaining the phenomena of reflection and refraction, and the finest telescopes have been built with its help.
All the atolls swarm with various kinds of fishes, amongst which the bonito predominates; and they are very cheap.
Retiring from business some years ago, he returned to his native town, to enjoy the fruits of his honest industry; and during a period of several years, he, by acts of kindness and benevolence, acquired the respect and esteem of his fellow-townsmen.
Only send your best work.
Submit only your best work.
We are not currently taking unsolicited submissions.
We regret that we are unable to provide personal feedback on rejected works.
Beneath her mist of yellow hair her dark-grey eyes looked out pathetically, with the sort of pathos that means nothing in particular—the grace of an indefinite sorrow.
Whatever they directed, it was in vain to expostulate; fetters, and bread and water, were the sure consequences of resistance.
I saw that coming a mile away.
Tom has some extremely problematic views.
Where was Tom during all this?
The cat chased the laser.
The crane accidentally dropped the pot of molten metal.
Jackson's the worst quarterback we've ever had.
Jackson had six home runs.
Jackson won by TKO.
Jackson got a hat trick.
Tom's a weeb.
Tom is the nerd in his circle of nerdy friends who thinks he's not a nerd.
A new art trend in New York City takes the age-old craft of crocheting to the streets, where traditionally walls and fences have been serving as canvases for graffiti artists.
The hedge, in point of fact, is the main shelter and asylum for beasties great and small in our workaday England.
The fact that Shah Jahan built the structure is attested to by the official Persian-language chronicles and other accounts of the period, as well as by the historical accounts and travelogues written by some 17th-century European travelers, said the professor of medieval history.
Next year’s Academy Awards telecast may be postponed because of the disruption to theatrical releases caused by the coronavirus pandemic.
During the spring and summer of this year (1096) the roads teemed with crusaders, all hastening to the towns and villages appointed as the rendezvous of the district.
This suggested the idea that if the three colours could be so balanced that the light transmitted was colourless, it would be evidence of equivalence of intensity in the individual colours.
Then dip each croquette in beaten egg, roll in bread-crumbs again, and fry in hot fat.
Portrayals of migration flows in Africa are often misconstrued and mischaracterized, according to a major new report from the African Union and International Organization for Migration.
Mr. Matz says the new Sacajawea Interpretative Center will teach visitors about the Native American culture while reducing traffic on the Lewis and Clark Trail.
A string of Thai governments has been contemplating the megaproject since the 1990s to help meet the growing demand for water from farmers in central Thailand.
People have the right to boycott any country they want to boycott.
Putin is plucking Palestinian refugees from Lebanese camps to go fight for him in Ukraine; apparently his own soldiers aren't tough enough.
"Do you think people are telling me I'm attractive just to sleep with me?" "Why would they want to sleep with you if they didn't find you attractive?"
Your order has arrived.
Your order has been dropped off.
Your order is on the way.
Your order has been shipped.
Part of your order has been shipped.
You still have a balance of 30 dollars on your account.
Your account still has a balance of 30 dollars.
As a result of the antivax movement, the U.S. is seeing the return of measles and other diseases once nearly eradicated there.
Tom is Mary's hairdresser.
Every American calls Aldi "Aldi's."
Why is the cosmic web the way it is?
Why does the cosmic web exist?
Our life on this planet is so fragile.
Tax the rich.
The cat liked it.
Can you itch me here?
Avast!
It's basically down the street from here.
It's practically down the street from here.
It's down the street from here.
It's just down the street from here.
It's right down the street from here.
It's right down the street.
It's just down the street.
It's literally down the street from here.
It's literally down the street.
It's down the street.
It's three.
Tom lives in a gingerbread house.
Tom lives in a house made of candy.
Tom named his goat Cookie.
The Fire-priest then takes the babe and places it on his knees, waves a lamp lighted from the sacred fire over it, calls aloud its name, and implores Ahura-Mazda to fulfil all the good and avert all the evil predicted by the stars of heaven at the hour of its birth.
Certain gestures, looks, or attitudes, are so immediately declarative of the internal actuating causes, that, on the slightest view of the picture or statue, we collect the real state of the persons represented.
Its architecture is principally Romanesque in form, with a generous admixture of Byzantine and Saracenic motives in detail and decoration.
A young dog, being confined in the neighbourhood, bewailed its loss of liberty, by making an hideous noise; which all the party agreed was very disagreeable.
American and British Englishes share almost all of the same grammar.
The first aid in case of viper-bite should consist in placing a tight ligature (string or a boot-lace) around the limb above the punctures.
Her song—a sound often heard among the mountains—is said to be hollow and mournful, differing therein from the music of the subterranean beings, which is described by earwitnesses as cheerful and fascinating.
In 1205-06, apparently fearing a storm, he reduced his imposition to twenty shillings, and then waited for three years before laying another.
Secretary of State Colin Powell and other U.S. officials are traveling to Mexico City, Monday, to take part in the annual binational commission meeting with their Mexican counterparts.
Unless you’re African, your skin probably carries traces of your Neanderthal forebears.
The almond tree says to the snow: "Either you make it all white, or you make us white".
In early December the army, with support from the United Nations, launched a major offensive against the renegades, pouring around 20,000 soldiers into the region.
Having subpar sports facilities that don't meet international norms is one of the biggest challenges for countries that want to host the Olympic Games.
Despite announcing general agreement on a $160 billion plan to revive economic growth, analysts say fixing what ails Europe will require more than money.
In the fateful year of 1860, the year of his election to the presidency, Lincoln took up, in the pause of his affairs after the long debate with Douglas, the custom of lyceum lecturing, then in great vogue.
Arabs were already at work behind their wooden ploughs, drawn either by horses, mules, bullocks, or camels. These last looked as if they were inwardly protesting against the indignity, and stalked along with their usual disdainful air.
No peril daunts her, no prospect of fatigue or discomfort disheartens or repels her.
There are the "preppers," so called because they stockpile water, food and other essentials in preparation for civil unrest.
The global fixation on the evolution of the novel coronavirus has knocked the DRC’s Ebola epidemic out of the media's spotlight.
This went on from dawn to dusk.
This lasted from sunrise to sunset.
They're being deployed at both the waterworks and a rebuilt sewage treatment plant, and once the new technology is in place, Araike expects “zero disruption” of Kobe’s water service after the next great earthquake.
A semicolon is pronounced differently from a period.
I love having a footstool.
Go ahead and put your feet up on the footstool.
I'm not your footstool.
Tom has been showing great improvement under Mary's tutelage.
You'll go far under Tom's tutelage.
Tom looked almost gleeful as he announced the news.
Have you ever been convicted of or pleaded guilty to a felony or misdemeanor?
Littering is usually a misdemeanor.
Is the toffee vegan?
I'm making vegan toffee.
It's such an evocative metaphor.
Keep us apprised of the situation.
Mercury is also known as quicksilver.
Become ungovernable.
This wasn't intended as a dig at anyone.
The drug lord kept four hippos.
We've got cats.
Toffee isn't taffy.
Do no harm, but take no shit.
Take some time for yourself. You deserve it.
In some parts of Germany—Lorraine is one—the people burn the Yule-log; sometimes a huge log that will last through the three days' festivity, sometimes one so small that the family sit before it until it is all consumed.
Keep me apprised.
We've got a squat over on Park Street.
By the practice of methodological doubt, if it is genuine and prolonged, a certain humility as to our knowledge is induced: we become glad to know anything in philosophy, however seemingly trivial.
The pronominal suffixes produce no change, because they are merely enclitic pronouns and have no accent.
The Signore Americano, musing over his morning coffee on the Villa terrace, gazed intently into the distance where Florence lay invisible behind the hills.
Vice President Slumber Tsogwane said that, based on the government's response to the coronavirus outbreak and the current trajectory of the disease, the administration decided to open the economy albeit incrementally, while observing the disease patterns.
He was betrothed to a lady of The Hague, the only daughter of a wealthy wine-merchant, who, according to his account, seemed to be as beautiful as she was good and rich, and they were to be married in the spring.
There's only one native language in North America that isn't endangered, and that's Greenlandic.
Researchers from USC confirmed that plankton collected about twenty kilometers southwest of Redondo Beach the next day had very high levels of domoic acid.
A boy who, on his way from one classroom to another, from the dayroom to the cricket field, and the library to the chapel, has always before him the silent grey-brown witnesses of continuity and tradition, cannot help thinking often consciously, and unconsciously times without number: “all this was going on two hundred years ago and, without any very considerable alteration, it will be going on two hundred hence.”
We know from a century of empirical studies that community support and access to medical transition are the best things for the mental health of a trans person.
People who talk about the "mental health" of trans people while ignoring what mental health experts actually have to say on the matter are akin to the Soviets politicizing psychiatry to abuse it against their political opponents.
We have a hippopotamus.
Humans are dangerous animals.
Do you think they would have been justified in carrying out their plan?
I don't think what they tried to do was right.
So, it surely should be like white on rice!
He promises to enchant every one who dares defy his power.
If from a transparent prism of tourmaline two thin plates are cut, parallel to its axis, they will transmit light when they are placed above each other with the chief axis of each in the same direction.
I affirm emphatically that no professor has a moral right to treat anybody with this undisguised "insolence of office," or to use any weapon but reason in order to put down what he conceives to be errors in philosophy.
For the battles she had fought that day on my behalf she should not go unrewarded.
Many people around the world believe in the healing effects of homeopathy, an alternative form of medicine that emerged from Germany about 200 years ago.
Then, as the newsreader began a live interview, the channel was pulled from the airwaves.
Do all birds fly?
The Masons? They're just a frat for old men.
Philistia consisted of Ashkelon, Ashdod, Ekron, Gath, and Gaza.
The U.S. Republican Party wants to be the Christian ISIS.
And to make matters worse, I have the hiccups.
If you're defending traditional hierarchies, you are pro-establishment by definition.
Your expectations are unreasonable.
Your expectations are too high.
Try lowering your expectations.
When you get on the road, expect people to be assholes.
"Did you know you've got a banana in your ear?" "What? I can't hear you; I've got a banana in my ear."
You've gotten so good at English that you're bad at it.
Meyer Lansky and Bugsy Siegel were famous Jewish gangsters.
After some experimenting, Heyer decided to use the pentatonic minor blues scale.
It had been rather a fine house once, and had been built for the occupancy of the man who owned the fairgrounds; but he choosing finally to live in the village, had permitted the house to fall into decay, until only a family with no sense of order or self-respect would think of occupying it.
The renomination could enrage anti-government protestors who demand he resign.
A proposed bill before parliament seeks to bridge the gap between landowners and developers by providing fairer compensation for land acquired for industrial projects.
Last week's financial upheaval hit Wall Street, the nation and the world pretty hard, but many people in New York kept their tough, impervious, can-do attitude alive and well.
Mersenne Prime numbers are special in a way that no layman could ever explain.
A bloodthirsty creature named Grendel ravages the great mead hall of King Hrothgar.
Numerous shops sell historical outfits, handcrafted wares, and replica weaponry, and the food options are a mix of old and new: booths selling turkey legs and mead (honey wine) stand next to booths selling gyros, crepes, and key lime pie on a stick.
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies says more than one million Mauritanians could face hunger in the New Year unless immediate action is taken.
He had been quite furious upon discovering that the "little episode" of the moonlit cottage had filched from him all his new won strength and nervous stamina, leaving him sleepless and unstrung, ready to jump at the rattling of a stone.
Don't let their silly appearance fool you: hippos are dangerous, much deadlier to humans than lions.
Tom was born on third base and thinks he hit a triple.
What's that, Cookie? Tom fell down the well?
Want to split a pizza?
My cat is an adamant Maoist.
We must, he said, stop at the first house we came to and beg a night's lodging, since upon no account dared he proceed towards home at the risk of laming the horse.
He's just an infernal dude, your lordship, and I'll throw him in the river if he says a word too much.
“Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong! Ding-dong!” clashed the great bell on the locomotive, and with much creaking and clanking and letting off of steam, with iron scraping on iron and one last, long drawn whistle of the air-brakes, the train came slowly to a stop.
Much of his success is owed to Tiger's close relationship to his father, Earl, who coached his prodigal son since childhood.
Silver foils are used on copper and gold work in order to obtain better enamel effects, for most transparent colors are shown to best advantage over silver.
Luther Gette, also known by his hobo name as "Luther the Jet," has been riding trains legally and illegally for most of his life.
Like Marc Webb, Andrew Garfield, who plays Spiderman, believes that Hollywood’s big budget superhero flicks help shape an international popular culture based on compassion, idealism and hope.
The five-year civil war has seen plenty of tortuous battlefield ups and downs.
The fictions of genius are often the vehicles of the sublimest verities, and its flashes often open new regions of thought, and throw new light on the mysteries of our being.
Birx said that in states where governors have permitted beauty and nail salons to offer services again, it is good that beauticians, manicurists and customers have been wearing masks.
Sex doesn't have to be penetrative.
Sex doesn't have to involve penetration.
Is it "emotional blackmail" to say that people with depression would kill ourselves at a much higher rate if our medicine were taken from us by the state? Or is it just an empirical observation of the relative effectiveness of antidepressants?
Most prejudiced people won't admit to holding prejudices, as it makes them look bad.
Malayalam branched off from Middle Tamil after the 9th century CE.
Kannada, Malayalam, and Tamil are very closely related to each other.
An Arabic script for Malayalam was widely used by Keralan Muslims until the 20th century.
Malayalam is the official language of Kerala.
Is Judeo-Malayalam just a Jewish dialect of Malayalam, or is it different enough to be its own language?
The Jewish quarter of Jerusalem was ethnically cleansed in 1948.
Everyone has prejudices; what matters is how you address them.
People have a hard time admitting they have prejudices because it's viewed as a bad thing about a person instead of a social problem we've inherited.
Withholding medical care is torture.
Tom released the bird and let it fly away.
The regret rate for gender-affirming care is very low, probably because the only advantage to transitioning is that it gets rid of gender dysphoria.
Tom hit Andy Ngo square in the face with a milkshake.
In its ruling, the court said an extramarital affair was a private matter between adults and is still a valid reason for divorce.
WHO officials said this is of particular concern as it is during this formative age that healthy relationships are made.
Is shoplifting a victimless crime?
Two women wielding giant spatulas continuously stir a brimming wok of shredded beef simmering in curry sauce.
The Courier published, under a sentimental poetical heading, a detailed description of the rencontre, which, without too violent a departure from the exact truth, yet succeeded in making such a powerful impression on the public mind, and evoked symptoms of such lively interest, that the vigilant newspaper was induced to keep a watchful eye for the future on any further rapprochements between the Spoelmann and Grimmburg houses.
The second film, The Two Towers, conjures a more ominous, atmospheric mood, with its chases and battles with the evil beings known as Orcs.
"While Storm Ciara is clearing away, that doesn’t mean we’re entering a quieter period of weather," Alex Burkill, the Met Office meteorologist, said.
Childhood gender dysphoria is diagnosed and treated very conservatively.
It's not easy for a child to be diagnosed with gender dysphoria; the bar is set much higher than for adults.
He was at her beck and call, quietly but evidently elated when at her side, and unmistakably bored when passing time with some other young woman and awaiting Elise's summons.
In Ukrainian history, the city of Zaporizhzhia has served for centuries as a fortress during foreign invasions.
"Tom was lying. I can tell." "How can you tell?"
Blood is mostly water.
The scenery of Basutoland is rugged and grand, with a beauty quite its own, and unlike any other part of South Africa I have seen.
More than a year later, police say they’re bringing the instigators of the unrest to justice.
"I can tell a guilty person by their aura," Tom said during jury selection.
I don't want to have to choose.
It's that time.
Doctors won't let you be 15 minutes late, but they themselves will never show up on time.
Tom's my favorite bartender.
Jackson's the worst governor we've ever had.
Is that a soap opera?
Please don't compare me to Tom.
They let Tom out.
It was a week before.
Tom was canceled.
Tom's canceled.
Tom's being canceled on Twitter.
Tom got out.
Tom broke out of prison.
Tom has been a vegan for three years now.
Lia Thomas only ever placed in one race, yet is accused of "dominating women's sports" by disingenuous people who will say anything to stoke fear of trans women.
"Demon!" "Yeah, you got me. I'm a demon. How'd you know?"
I lost my shoe.
Timmer doesn't expect users of more powerful computers to switch to the Chrome operating system, but he says it could be an appealing choice for new netbook buyers.
It earned me an extra 45-minute wait at airport immigration as officials thumbed through my passport, pawed through my luggage and asked me what my intentions were.
Some of the animals aren't too fond of the idea, and let him know with bellowed complaints.
The Cosmological Principle, according to the research team, is assumed but has never been demonstrated observationally 'beyond reasonable doubt.'
In this time, with the aid of sixty-eight Zanzibari and a few Europeans, he had constructed three trading-stations, launched a steamer on the Upper Congo, established steam communication between Leopoldville and Stanley Pool, and also constructed wagon-roads between Vivi and Isangila, Manyanga and Stanley Pool.
Forests, gardens, peace and learning can all be found at the Arboretum.
The following list of material will be needed, and, if the builder does not care to do the rough work, the stock can be ordered planed, sanded and cut to the exact size of the dimensions given.
It is white and surmounted by six graceful domes; the courtyard is surrounded by arches supported on airy columns; there is a charming minaret, and surrounding the whole a circle of enormous cypress trees.
He was specially desirous to help recluses and those who required spiritual consolation, and who were vexed by evil spirits.
Stachel is crouching on the floor of her Berkeley kitchen, which is cluttered with spools of wire, small solar panels and assorted tools.
Drawing has a reputation for being hellishly difficult, but if you give it a chance, you'll find out it's even harder than you thought.
In front of the camp were the fords of the Boyne deep and dangerous, protected by rugged banks, and defended by some breast-works; while the huts and hedges were lined with infantry on the rere; and at some distance arose the church and village of Donore, upon whose commanding heights King James in person was stationed.
And when we consider the fact that some species of the elasmosaurs had a neck not less than twenty feet in length, such a flexible use of it would not seem improbable.
He is no longer motivated by his work and half-heartedly goes to New York to deliver an essay at a conference.
Thai officials are assuring the public that Bangkok is safe from flooding as they continue to build up barriers and mobilize relief efforts.
These have forms such as the cube, octahedron, etc., which belong to the isometric system, and it is in this system that the Diamond crystallizes.
And the Powhatan Indians showed the settlers how to plant new crops and how to clear the land for building.
Under a massive $2 billion redevelopment project, the 16,000 tenements like the one Kambli lives in will be destroyed and replaced with modern, high-rise buildings.
On stage, this South African singer is a feline presence, her lithe body accentuated by a tight, black satin dress, spiked onyx hair, glossed lips and red stilettos.
Leading the group along creepily dark streets, with an old fashioned oil lamp for light, he stops in front of a building with a white porch.
On a shoestring budget funded by donations from family and friends, he says he hitchhiked, stayed on people’s couches, and only ate local food on his journey.
I'm no patriot.
Gender-affirming care isn't experimental by any standard other than the "reactionaries don't like it" standard.
A 30-year-old shouldn't be allowed to marry someone who is still of high school age.
Cookie sure is a chatty cat.
Tom's dog Cookie barks too much.
My ferret's name is Cookie.
Exercise isn't as significant as diet when it comes to weight loss, but there are all sorts of other benefits to exercising.
It once seemed like there was no alternative to monarchy, that it was just the way things were.
We escaped feudalism; we can escape capitalism.
"You've got a matta on your shirt." "What's a matta?" "I dunno, what's a matta with you?"
"I've seen that tactic used a lot by BOFA." "What's BOFA?" "Bofa deez nuts."
I only have three videos on my channel.
We only have three days.
We only have three days to get it all done.
I bought some flower for a change, since we usually only ever do concentrates.
I'm going to the weed store; do you want to come?
I picked up a pre-roll while I was at the weed store.
I got you some Stoner Patch Kids at the weed store.
Tom!
I've lived three lives.
It's thirty-three degrees.
It's thirty-three degrees Fahrenheit.
It's thirty-three degrees Celsius.
"So, how's America doing?" "Arkansas just brought back child labor." "Holy shit!"
You've gotten through this before.
We can use the sun to tell time.
We can use the sun to orient ourselves.
It's morning and the sun's over there, which means that way is east.
At the behest of their corporate masters, multiple Republican-governed U.S. states are attempting to legalize child labor; one already has.
Doctors’ scrawls and scribbles are notoriously hard to read.
From hawkers competing for business, to the smell of street food, to the energy in the air, it is a vibe that draws thousands of people, mostly Asians, to the Los Angeles night market.
Walcot thereupon declared himself emphatically in favour of remaining in Sar; Dore followed him less assertively.
The Chinese language is peculiarly lacking in vocables; that is to say, it possesses very few sounds for the conveyance of speech.
Apply the stain remover to the back of the cloth, so that the stain is washed from the material without having to pass through it.
Find out how she navigates her own emotions to take photos in a truthful way and the importance of ethics when picking this career path.
I hadn't sold one of those in a while.
Had you noticed?
Have you noticed?
Marguerite had grown into beauty since those days, but it was not the roseleaf beauty born of days without anxiety and nights without unrest.
Did you notice?
Hadn't you noticed?
There's only one way to get to Heaven: use your imagination.
There's only one way to get to Heaven: build it.
They reduced Hegel to half-sheets of paper, suggested profanely various readings for Petronius, speculated without reverence on the darker habits of mankind from Aristotle to the Junior Prior.
The swifts and the swallows told their feathered friends all about it, and they told others, both birds and animals, until at last it began to be rumored through all the animal world that on one day in the year the children of men were made wonderfully happy by means of some sort of a festival which they held about a fir-tree from the forest.
Some people might regard belief in ghosts as loony.
The lich was known in life as the sorcerer Tom Jackson.
I didn't detect it.
"How many kilometers are there between the truth and the lie? Four fingers, just the distance between the eye and the ear", said the great artist Karim Tizouiar. Beautiful words of a lord; quick recovery, I hope!
These days, the taffy costs a dollar a strip—20 times as much as it did in Sam Cortese’s day—and the candy is now also made in a little factory in town that ships it to taffy-lovers around the world.
The alchemist tried unsuccessfully to convert quicksilver into gold.
Augury is divination based on the behavior of birds.
It's just a misdemeanor.
In Paint lake during the mayfly season (July up there) their dorsal fins could be seen cutting the water everywhere.
Petty larceny is a misdemeanor.
Petty larceny is a misdemeanor; grand larceny is a felony.
She was guiltless, and her story—with the exceptions hinted at—is told very prettily, with an unaffected naturalism which is rare, and with many charming little poetic interludes.
Name one example of capitalism working without slavery, prison labor, or sweatshops.
Capitalism only works in theory.
American corporations would rather lobby states to legalize child labor than pay their workers a single extra cent.
Nothing is gained in strength nor precision by this kind of pleonasm.
"She doesn't have a boyfriend." "Oh, so she's single?" "No, she's a lesbian."
Jean La Rose said despite this wealth of natural resources Amerindian groups like the Arawak, who make up 10 percent of the population, remain impoverished.
Stock markets in Japan fell Thursday, but not as drastically as the plummets experienced by U.S. markets a day earlier that amplified recession fears.
Lenin was a revisionist.
About 10 meters away, pergolas with thick woody vines that climb and contort provide shade for patients and impromptu places to hang intravenous drip bags.
We didn't know as much about Mao back then as we do now.
I run a fake numbers station just to troll people.
The CIA has conducted operations against Americans before, such as MKUltra.
Hollywood is run by conservatives who throw bones to the left for profit.
You can't change what happened to you.
You can't change what happened to you; you can only control what you do with it going forward.
It was a dark night, unrelieved save by the phosphor gleam of the seas around the vessel, and the light of the two lanterns hung up in the fore and mizzen rigging.
If you celebrate Christmas, you are at least culturally Christian, or adopting aspects of cultural Christianity.
It's true that Christmas adopts aspects of Saturnalia, which you are free to celebrate if you don't want to be called a cultural Christian, although your success may be limited.
As we were the first that came into the house, so we were the last that went out of it; being resolved to have a clear passage for our old friend, whom we did not care to venture among the justling of the crowd.
Why do you care, Tom?
Playing video games isn't a personality.
Liking bacon isn't a personality.
Baby slept a great deal, and just beginning to teethe, was cross and less companionable than usual.
"You can't change what happened to you." "I know; that's why it hurts so much."
Cannabis is medicine.
What do you call someone who graduates last in their class at med school? — Doctor.
It's science.
"Is that normal?" "How would I know? Do I look normal to you?"
Property is theft and shoplifting is based.
"So, why not delete Twitter?" "And give up my platform? And give up my reach?"
Needle exchange programs are evidence-based instead of morality-based.
Suboxone is an evidence-based treatment for opioid addiction.
The adoption-industrial complex is lobbying for the right to kidnap, abuse, and exploit trans kids.
Forced detransition is murder.
Everyone who is still a Republican wants America to be like Florida.
Most Americans look at what is happening in Florida and Texas with horror.
Trans minors receiving gender-affirming care experienced a 73% reduction in suicidality.
An example of an actual conspiracy would be far-right Christian fundamentalists conspiring on a previously-secret email list to create new standards of care, which would then be adopted by Republican governors as though they were a new and legitimate standard that was replacing the old one.
One thing that separates real conspiracies from made-up ones is that Alex Jones doesn't talk about the real ones.
"I'm not transphobic. I'm not afraid of trans people." "So all the fearmongering about us is just to scare other people into doing your bidding?"
There are good lessons to be found in every religious tradition.
From what we can see, a turtle will be spawned by the mule.
Depending on the course of events, a turtle will be spawned by the mule.
Depending on the course of events, the mule will spawn a turtle.
A fetus is not a baby.
If Anthony Weiner were a Republican, he wouldn't rank in the top fifty worst Republican sex offenders.
They really came out of the woodwork after that.
"Up yours," said the frog.
The nice thing about not living in the future Jordan Peterson wants is that Elliot Page is free to get life-saving surgery without thinking about how it will affect Peterson's boner.
Do you want me to get you some lemonade while you're doing that?
Animals can feel pain just as we can.
How can .999... be equal to 1?
Why is .999... equal to 1?
I cannot tell a lie.
I don't know what to do with those.
I don't know what to do with those leftovers.
"Pakistan is going to be a very, very important country in the future and we want to be sure that we are part of that," he emphasised.
They live in rural poverty. Many work as rat catchers in farm fields.
When yet half a block away from the market one became aurally aware of it.
The dissimilarities of temperament, range and choice of subjects are manifest, but the outstanding difference is this: Georgian Poetry has an editor, and the poems it contains may be taken as that editor's reaction to the poetry of the day.
That's what it feels like to me.
That's how it looks.
That's how it looks to me.
Lie back and think of England.
Dozens of injured protesters were taken to hospitals amid the heat and clamor.
The White House has already revealed major themes the president will discuss, and Republicans have telegraphed how they will respond.
Alleged phone conversations with a mistress detail daily activities, including sexual trysts.
I think that things have become very murky these days, lots of misunderstanding, miscues, a lot of what the ancients would have called sophistry.
That's what it sounds like to me.
I don't like the smell of it.
I don't like the smell of this.
It's Pi Day.
"I can recite pi to 300 digits." "You stay proud of the fact that you can do that, and I'll stay proud of the fact that I can't."
In spring brightly green, and spangled with wild flowers, by midsummer this prairie had grown sere and yellow.
"The technological hurdles are real, but we believe they're surmountable," he added.
That's the stairway to heaven.
Tatoeba is just a playground, right?
You're high on your own supply.
Tom is high on his own supply.
I saw a ghost cat.
Tom was abducted by the shadow people.
"How can DeSantis believe that?" "He doesn't."
If "wokeness" is authoritarian, why do all the authoritarians hate it so much?
Most Americans continue to view the word "woke" positively, perhaps in part because they've seen what "anti-woke" politics looks like in practice.
This comes after an extensive, years-long war on that word.
Our village Djemaa-Saharidj, the 2nd most populated village in Kabylie, the 1st in surface. One would think that it stands alone. But it is its inhabitants who have saved it and continue to preserve it. Yes, we can do much better! We could make it a jewel. All you have to do is ask us. I dare you! NB. And thanks to the great music of Matoub!
"There are two genders, man and woman. It's eighth grade biology." "Me, I'm glad my endo didn't stop at eighth grade biology."
Eric Adams bullies the unhoused.
You have to be a psychopath to target the homeless.
I distinctly remember my Kindergarten teacher talking about her husband in class. Child abuse! Grooming!
It deserved every Oscar it got, and then some.
We have all night.
What's that like?
It's a good source of Vitamin C.
It's a good source of B vitamins.
This sentence is only available with a Tatoeba Gold subscription.
Have at thee!
I have three riddles you must answer.
Drizzle three tablespoons of olive oil.
You must first solve these three riddles.
Though he was born in Boston, Tom is now a Canadian citizen.
I'm not the only Canadian here.
Canadians aren't like that.
"Welcome to Hell!" "Wait, there's actually a Hell? I have so many questions." "Shut up!"
During the trial of the soi disant Baron de Richemont, the spectators were surprised and amused by a singular declaration addressed to the jury by another pseudo-dauphin.
Williams is expected to miss six to eight weeks after an operation Friday to repair a partial tear of the quadriceps tendon in her left knee.
That's the idea behind a recent study in Los Angeles, where pharmacists are working with 52 barbershops to try to help African-American men, who have higher rates of high blood pressure than other ethnic groups.
The team announced Monday that head coach Bruce Arians will bring in Jen Welter to coach the Cardinals's linebacker unit during the upcoming training camp and preseason as an intern, or apprentice.
But forecasters say it is likely Bermuda will be sideswiped by Epsilon when it makes its closest pass sometime late Thursday.
But Yale University student Matt Amodio persevered 38 consecutive times on the wildly popular and geeky game show Jeopardy! where the goal is to know more than your fellow contestants and win a lot of money.
As the contents of our ragbag were to be sold, the rags were laid on a table in an unused room.
The researchers are from the University of California at San Francisco. They say their research shows that two drugs can clear the infectious proteins from mouse brain cells. The drugs are quinacrine and chlorpromazine. Quinacrine was used in the Nineteen-Forties to treat malaria. Chlorpromazine is used to treat the mental disorder schizophrenia. Quinacrine appears to be more effective in stopping the deadly protein activity. However, chlorpromazine crosses more easily into the brain.
In the demonology of the Middle Ages, Lilis was a famous witch, and is introduced as such in the Walpurgis night scene in Goethe’s “Faust.”
There has been an outpouring of bipartisan support for Republican Senator John McCain, after he was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer.
Don't touch my mustache.
I thought it was delightful.
Why do you hate freedom?
Never eat shredded wheat.
"Bible's the only book I ever read," he growled.
Name three breakfast cereals.
Name three types of birds.
Name three caniforms.
I'm worried our dimensions will combine and the shadow people will be able to get me.
Name three things that were in the news in the last month.
Kenya aims to plant billions of trees in coming years to fight climate change and is enlisting mobile technology to help make it happen.
Then he became a caddie at Brookline, played the game more seriously than before, with three clubs that a member of the Country Club gave to him, and at sixteen years of age won, at the second attempt, the championship of his school.
The value of completed mergers and acquisitions in the Asia-Pacific region surged this year to a record $370 billion, up 39 percent from 2004.
She adds the ornaments are the stars of the store: everything from hand-blown glass baubles to sports-themed pieces, and even movie motif ornaments.
Unlike the Egyptians or the Mesopotamians, the Indus didn’t build large temples or pyramids.
Herscher says he has gotten ideas from the drawings of farfetched machines by the late American cartoonist Rube Goldberg, whose name is associated in the United States with preposterous complexity.
It is generally seen flying in the daytime, when it delights to suck honey from the flowers of the Scotch thistle, a plant which much overruns the forest lands when first cleared.
The Black Panthers efforts to end racism assured them news headlines.
The only way to find this gold was by panning.
A fall in the price of uranium, one of Niger's few exportable commodities, and a disastrous harvest have exacerbated the country's economic problems.
Did Cookie go poop?
Cats have rough tongues.
If a thermonuclear bomb hit that base, we'd be vaporized instantaneously.
Did Cookie do his business?
Abuse of power is only possible because we let people have power.
The main meaning of "diaspora" is the Jewish one; all other meanings are derived from this by analogy.
It could use something else.
You don't own cats; you host them.
Whoever invented the touchscreen monitor did not have a cat.
Cats twitch during REM sleep.
They can resurrect the dead.
They can resurrect the dead using sorcery.
Tom is studying sorcery.
I almost got myself terminated.
I almost got myself fired.
I don't have my key.
Tom decided to leave the office.
What kind of crap is this?
Tom has been delving into black magic.
I'm not going to argue this with Tom anymore.
You know how I get.
The sorceress dwells in a castle across the sea.
That's a contradiction in terms.
Yasmina. Behind such a warm voice lies a moving story.
Elsa and Clive are experts at splicing together genes of different species for research into new, life-saving medicines; but the line they dare not cross is to splice human genetic material into an experiment.
Most carburetors are not designed to take care of this condition and the only remedy would be to stop the engine instead of allowing it to run while standing at the curb.
The government report even repeats some of the grammatical and typographical errors contained in the original.
They were on their way out into the taiga to cut wood and hew timbers under a guard of Cossacks.
The U.S. Senate voted late Tuesday to overhaul America’s tax system, putting President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans one perfunctory vote away from scoring a major legislative victory and fulfilling a campaign promise.
Indeed the vulture is of real service in this respect, for he clears the carrion away from the hot countries he inhabits, which would otherwise putrify and infect the air.
In 1972 US President Richard Nixon visited the People’s Republic of China, ending years of estrangement between the two countries and lifting the bamboo curtain China had been hidden behind since Mao Zedong launched his Cultural Revolution in 1966.
It surely was no optical delusion or a phantom of the mind that her shrouded arm was raised as though in blessing or farewell before the darkness swallowed her up.
Do add lime, small amounts of wood ashes or crushed eggshells to the compost pile.
High school student Vivian Chau, like most Asian American youngsters, loves a drink called boba, a sweet milk tea with jellied tapioca balls.
It's okay to be crazy.
I pass on grass.
A lunar eclipse on Earth is a solar eclipse on the moon.
Analytically, "hominoid" should mean the same thing as "humanoid." But it's actual usage that determines the meaning of a word.
Tom is an authoritarian.
I hope senpai will notice me.
Most people don't want to use unmoderated hellholes.
Unmoderated hellholes remain extremely niche sites that most people avoid like the plague.
People don't like going online to look at memes and seeing a bunch of gore, scat, and Nazism, so they avoid 4chan.
The reason 4chan users are so psychopathic is that these are the types of people who thrive in an unmoderated environment.
Almost no one wants to spend all day hanging out with psychopaths.
Elon Musk uses psychopaths to acquire more power for himself, which is why he is actively trying to eliminate mass block lists on Twitter, to give his fans easier access to victims.
Elon Musk is also himself a psychopath.
Tom was invited to an orgy.
Tom is a package thief.
Some kids have two dads or two moms.
Tom stole Mary's package off her doorstep.
Tom is a warlock.
To millennia more of Hebrew!
"You complete me." "No I don't. You're complete without me."
The worst of this episode seems to be over.
I put on everything I brought: two pairs of long underwear (tops and bottoms), a fleece, two down jackets, a balaclava, a ski hat, two pairs of gloves, and a pair ski goggles.
About 150 kilometers outside Kyiv we stopped at a gas station and minimart for sandwiches and coffee.
This disease, he added, has not only deprived people of human closeness, but also of the possibility of receiving consolation from the sacraments in person.
That is to say, not only is it doubtful whether his axioms are true, which is a comparatively trivial matter, but it is certain that his propositions do not follow from the axioms which he enunciates.
In addition, I cabled Chicago a similar message, asking them to offer our services to the State Department in Washington for a like purpose.
Even a brief rest interrupts this strain; it unclogs the wheels of action.
Reconsidering the "coincidences" of the past twenty-four hours which had kept him from conferring with Chen-Smith he decided the genuineness of the manuscript was a key factor.
Whether it is painting, handcraft jewelry or fashion design, this Ugandan artist has got it all.
Now, with the unprecedented nationwide lockdown because of the coronavirus, life has been restricted to two poles—home and the regimented lines at the nearest food store, where people are spaced 1 meter apart.
Many African economies appear to have turned the corner and moved to a path of faster and steadier growth.
But to the girls of Greenacres, that ten acre lot represented a treasure trove in the month of August when huckleberries and blueberries were ripe.
With all faces selected, use the Bevel tool to smooth out the edges of your cube.
Every genocide begins with hate speech.
There's a deception inherent to any politician's claim to represent a constituency.
It's easy to get sucked back into it.
It's easy to get sucked back in.
It's easy to get sucked in.
Elected representatives have their own interests, which often run contrary to those of their constituents.
He's livestreaming it.
They seem to be unable to look at small-pox from any other point of view than that of the vaccinationist, and thus miss the essential features of the evidence they have before them.
Thus buoyed up, he floated on the waves like a merman, or like an angler's dobber, until he landed safely on a rock, where he was found the next morning busily drying his many breeches in the sunshine.
An article describing the discovery of the reptilian fossil with mammalian teeth is published this week in the journal Nature.
The decision to delay the vote was widely interpreted by critics of the government as an attempt to steamroll the deeply divided opposition coalition and throw it into disarray.
As discussions were underway, hundreds of anti-globalisation protesters clashed with riot police.
Lucienne was coquettish, extremely coquettish; accustomed very early to being flattered because of her beauty, she must needs always be surrounded with homage, with compliments, with admirers!
The troop horses came with the regularity of clockwork twice a day down to drink under her window, and, as the weather grew hotter, kicked up their heels and shook their heads furiously under the maddening sting of the dun-fly.
Cookie's nose is cold and wet.
Many Muslims are decking out their homes as Ramadan begins this evening.
He had a splinted leg and an unaccustomed crutch, and found the steps a difficulty; but Vera put a hand under his elbow and let him lean heavily on her shoulder, and he reached the dream-garden without, I hope, too many twinges.
The reason the revival of Hebrew succeeded is that Hebrew was never far from the lips and pens of the Jewish people.
There are no good puns.
People don't treat Americans living abroad the way they treat Israelis living abroad.
Step up your game.
Two of the world's largest religions constructed their identity in part by defaming Jews.
Some people prefer that.
You said it.
It's very clogged.
It's clogged.
Your glasses are bent.
I won the game a long time ago.
The only way to win is not to play.
"I just quit playing The Game. I don't need to follow its rules anymore." "You're playing The Game. The rules say so." "I don't accept those rules."
You can justify absolutely anything that way.
Since everyone is born into a different family with differing levels of wealth, we don't have equality of opportunity.
Since some people have to deal with discrimination everywhere they go, we don't have equality of opportunity.
"Do you want equal opportunity or equal outcome?" "A poor child doesn't have opportunities equal to those of a rich child, so it's a bad question."
All religions are equally right.
That's my spin on it.
All religions are equally wrong.
Every religion is both right and wrong.
Tom tipped his fedora.
Tom uses Red Hat Linux.
Tom's frames are made of titanium.
Technetium was first theorized to exist on paper.
Tom is John's sidekick.
"Where'd Tom and Mary go?" "They're playing a game of euchre with John and Alice."
How was the salad?
Trump lost.
You're in a cult.
Tom is a pagan priest.
Mary is a pagan priestess.
They worship Ashtoreth.
I've never heard metalcore like that.
Tom went crowdsurfing in his wheelchair.
The right-wing protesters smeared poop on the wall.
They can never tell.
Cookie meowed.
I like your nails.
Tom looked up LSD on Erowid.
Their music since their third album has mostly been butt rock.
Define "good."
They won't stop at that.
Put a silencer on it.
How do we know dinosaurs existed?
How do we know anything exists at all?
Why does anything exist at all?
On her head, she wore an unobtrusive microphone that matched her skin color.
Social distancing due to the coronavirus pandemic closed public gathering places like spas, but a rehabilitation center in Italy left open its thermal pools to patients recovering from the infection.
The planet is 10 times closer to the star than Earth is to the sun, but red dwarfs are much smaller and much cooler than the giant inferno that keeps us warm.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center said early Sunday that Tropical Storm Eta has made landfall along the South-Central coast of Cuba and is moving to the north, across the island.
Joan was a little chit of a girl with spun gold hair and eyes that misted when I spoke of Pluto and Uranus, and glowed like live coals when we were out in space together.
Of necessity, as well as of choice, I am a "Garrisonian" Abolitionist—the most unpopular appellation that any man can have applied to him, in the present state of public sentiment; yet, I am more than confident, destined ultimately to be honourably regarded by the wise and good.
These Phrygian divinities who had achieved full naturalization and had been placed on the official list of gods, were adopted by the populations of the Occident as Roman gods together with the rest.
At the end of the feast James rose with his flagon in his hand.
Finally it must be added, that if the ophthalmoscopic estimation of refraction is to be exact, mydriasis by atropine is required, when, as is known, even emmetropic eyes may show a slight degree of hypermetropia.
The derailments occurred around midnight Tuesday when the trains were crossing a small bridge near the Machak River in Madhya Pradesh state.
He says his mother Lena was a stern disciplinarian, and would hit him with anything at hand.
Tom sees you as a useful idiot.
I've got three cats around me.
Crucifixion was a form of terror notably used by the Romans, Persians, and Carthaginians.
If a Roman slave killed their master, all of that master's slaves were crucified.
The Maccabee king Alexander Jannaeus reportedly crucified 800 Pharisees.
I hate butt rock.
That was how they kept order back then.
It was bad that they did that.
Don't talk to me until I've had my coffee.
Don't touch Tom's wheelchair.
In Dutch Yiddish the neuter definite article dos was replaced by es, the third-person neuter pronoun, after the Dutch word het which also fills both functions.
Do you guys smoke weed?
"I don't smoke crack." "Good for you." "It's all about meth for me."
No one can reasonably claim that gender transition is experimental in the year 2023. It's older than MRIs.
You don't want to live in Classical times. Odds are you would not have been in the same social class as the people you worship from that time.
The Romans were thugs.
Jonathan Chait was a cheerleader for the War in Iraq, and he continues to be smugly wrong about everything.
Alright, I've read enough about Homo heidelbergensis for now.
It's the Tom Jackson show, starring Tom Jackson!
Tom plays the mayor.
Tom went to see the mayor.
Tom is a proctologist.
Tom is an ear, nose, and throat doctor.
Dr. Jackson specializes in internal medicine.
Tom is an internal medicine doctor.
Tom is a civil rights lawyer.
Tom is a patent attorney.
Tom is a corporate lobbyist.
Tom is a urologist.
Dr. Jackson is a urologist.
Tom is a Hollywood agent.
Tom is a sports agent.
Tom is a literary agent.
Tom is an intellectual property lawyer.
I think about you.
You mind if I smoke a joint?
Name three countries in Southwest Asia.
Name three types of bread.
Name three angels.
I regret not having learned this sooner.
People are wild.
Her cheeks were a little flushed and her eyes very bright, but her smile was quite natural and unforced.
"What! it's you, mademoiselle?" said Mouret, whom Denise despite all her manoeuvring found before her on the staircase, a small pocket-candleholder in his hand.
More than 5 million Baha'is are estimated to live around the world.
She had only gathered three primroses, a few violets, and had her hand on a fine wild hyacinth, to pluck it, when she heard a rustling noise behind her: she looked to see what occasioned it.
I went to the circus and loafed around the back side till the watchman went by, and then dived in under the tent.
The work of rediscovering the lakes was entrusted to a remarkable man named Richard Burton, a man whose love of adventure was well known.
Parties of penguins from Cape Royds rookery frequently landed here, and almost invariably the first thing they did on seeing our tents, was at once to walk up the slope and inspect these, walking all round them, and often staying to doze by them for hours.
Sometimes there was only the width of the road between the imposing precipices on the right and the clear cool water on the left with its shoals of uncatchable fish skimming about through the bars of sun and shadow; and sometimes, in place of the precipices, the grassy land stretched away, in an apparently endless upward slant, and was dotted everywhere with snug little chalets, the peculiarly captivating cottage of Switzerland.
Tom has a sidekick named John.
On his release, at the end of his sentence, he resumed his old business of victimizing the unsuspicious—among whom I was one.
The emotional qualities are antagonistic to clear reasoning.
The principal chemical preservatives used in the curing of meats are borax and boric acid and sulfite of soda.
From Florence, in March of this same year, our master made his way to Perugia, where he drew the balance of his pay for the Sistine frescoes; and then, prudently avoiding Orvieto, went on south to Rome, where we have seen that Pinturicchio had now established himself, together with the Florentine Filippino Lippi, and had found many commissions.
My grandfather considered his uncle his father.
My grandfather felt no major attachment to his parents, who died when he was young.
Words like "mother" and "father" have been acknowledged for millennia to relate just as much to rearing children as to having them.
Someone raised by their three aunts can say they have three mothers.
The idea that there are non-biological mothers and fathers was known even to the ancient Romans.
Talking of non-biological parents isn't new; it's just newly associated with queer people, and thus newly hated by the types of people who are looking for any excuse to bash us.
All religions are equally right, because they're all wrong.
All religions are equally right, because they're all wrong. Only I possess the secrets of the universe.
Megan Phelps-Roper used to be a rude, hateful bigot. Since leaving the Westboro Baptist Church, she has become a polite, hateful bigot.
Billionaires are out for themselves.
Free Ukraine!
If you believe Palestine can't cede any land to its invaders, why would you believe Ukraine can and must?
It's possible that none of them are correct.
I'm Canadian, but I live in Australia.
I barely use the site anymore.
What is the purpose of it?
Facebook sucks.
Billionaires agree on one thing, which is the necessity of perpetuating the system that enriches them at the expense of others.
The money of all the world's billionaires is used to sell you on capitalism and to ensure that the laws are crafted in such a way as to entrench it.
"You don't look Canadian." "What?! What does a Canadian look like?!"
World Poetry Day is March 21st.
Latin poetry used quantitative verse during the life of the language.
This poem has three stanzas.
The poem relies heavily on imagery associated with night.
The use of sea imagery helps to convey the speaker's sense of relative freedom, as well as the tenuousness of this freedom.
Mary wasn't interested in Tom's sonnet.
How many kinds of sonnet are there?
Tom invented his own form of sonnet.
I mostly write free verse.
Tom has a collection of prose poems coming out.
What exactly is prose poetry?
I mostly write free verse, but I employ meter and rhyme from time to time.
Meter and rhyme are underappreciated nowadays.
We're going to an open mic.
The third stanza is unnecessary.
We aren't running a charity here.
How old is Tom Jackson now?
I haven't heard that one yet!
A tree affected by the bark beetle, like a rock, crumbles.
In other words, if one man be owing another, say, a hundred pounds, the latter is not legally bound to accept payment doled out in either silver or copper.
In the present war between the United States and Spain, the Queen Regent is an impressive figure, and it is entirely owing to her charm and fortitude that the present dynasty of Spain is maintained.
Some of these were letters expressing the name of the owner of all this extravagance; or the initials of various fair Roman dames, a very gallant pleasantry of young Pliny.
Some observers say the government’s “heteronormative” notion of family makes LGBTQ partners invisible in the legal domain.
In vain she scanned the deeply gored valley that lay before her and the timbered slopes of the mountains for sign of human habitation.
The mind balks in contemplation of the monuments of Egypt.
The alveoli are normally stabilized against collapse by the presence of inert and relatively insoluble gas (nitrogen) and an internal coating of lipoprotein substances with low surface tension.
Dr. Shawn Nasseri, a California otolaryngologist who is treating the 57-year-old musician, said that the growth is benign, and preliminary plans don't include surgery.
One of the most bitter of these was a bassoonist named Geyersbach whom Bach on more than one occasion had to reproach for his musical incompetence.
You just posted cringe.
"Could you let me in this once if I can't pay?" "We aren't running a charity here. Beat it!"
From the makers of dogs, introducing puppies! Your beloved fluffy friends are now available in a new, adorable form factor!
Christianity is an evil religion.
Islam is an evil religion.
The yellow-poplar reaches heights of 80 to 120 feet (maximum recorded 198 feet) and diameters of 2 to 6 feet, with its straight, deeply furrowed trunk clear of limbs for much of its length.
The insect collectors and students who occupy themselves with the magnificent butterflies and larger moths (of which there is an enormous variety of kinds) refuse to deal with the somewhat dull-looking and almost innumerable minute moths which are classed as Micro-lepidoptera, in contrast to the Macro-lepidoptera (or big moths and butterflies).
The celebrant of the life of ancient Greece was indeed very far from idealising the man who consolidated the supremacy of Rome.
For four years I’ve been trying to get to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park and to write some masterful columns about the astounding manner in which Nature splattered her contours and evolutions over this part of the globe.
The lotus flower feareth the splendor of the sun; bowing her head and dreaming, she waits till the day is done.
Bright yellow blotches up to one-fourth inch in diameter appear around the punctures produced by the feeding of this insect.
The bird was a dark blotch against the perfect blue sky for several seconds, and then, suddenly folding his pinions and closing his tail, he darted downward like a bomb dropped from an aeroplane.
I didn't find what to say. So here I am, all amazed, that's all.
Seventy-one-year-old Union reenactor Leo Vaughan, who is African-American, said he has ancestors who fought in the Civil War, but on the Confederate side.
A wino edges up to you and asks for money to buy a sandwich and a cup of coffee.
He was a squat, corpulent, middle-sized man, with something of the gentleman about him, and that peculiar mild tone—especially while he was inflicting punishment—which is so much more terrible to children than the angriest looks and gestures.
Tom went to see the witch doctor.
Tom is meeting with a witch doctor.
How did you become a witch doctor?
Tom sees a witch doctor regularly.
The word "cabal" has antisemitic origins, being derived from "Kabbalah."
The witch doctor wasn't interested in Tom's love life.
It's time for me to take my lithium.
I'm still adjusting to my new dose of risperidone.
Name three things that are currently in your refrigerator.
My body belongs to me.
Tom fired John.
Mr. Jackson fired John.
His eyes look like fireballs.
Why is the all-seeing eye on the dollar bill?
Bill me later.
Lately Tom has seemed willing to believe just about anything.
It isn't just anything.
Things are not as they seem.
Reality is ripping apart at the seams.
Elon Musk has proven capitalism to be a farce.
It's all a farce.
It's all what you make of it.
I won't make you come.
Come with me to Australia.
Will you sing with me?
Would you stop that racket?
Stop trying to talk me out of it.
I'm trying, but it's not working.
Are you done beating yourself up?
Stop beating yourself up and start beating up fascists.
That's a valid criticism.
That's a valid excuse.
American evangelicals lobbied for LGBTQ people to get the death penalty in Uganda, in a preview of their plans for the U.S. and the rest of the world.
Don't you live in a van?
Does William Shatner speak Esperanto?
So much of it is so good.
Tom's character is a half-elf ranger.
Did Shakespeare speak Esperanto?
They've created a prosthetic device with an encoder that mimics the neural language or pulses that are normally sent from the retina's ganglion cells to the brain where it is deciphered and perceived as imagery.
There are three principal breeds of native dogs found in Alaska—the Husky, the Malamute and the Siberian Dog—all descendants of wolves, with wolfish traits and the wolf's warm coat and powers of endurance.
I wanted to know who could answer my cry for help, I found nothingness.
No coaxing could induce them to advance, and the application of the whip only seemed to exasperate their obstinacy.
For, as long as he liv’d, ’twas his comfort and joy, to think he’d not been an undutiful boy.
The hall was constructed in the manner of a Roman atrium, and from the oblong pool of turgid water in the centre a troop of fat and otiose rats fled weakly squealing at my approach.
I went to my garden and found abundance.
For starters, schools can now serve chocolate or strawberry flavored milk with 1 percent fat instead of nonfat milk.
But the numismatist has none of those aids which the geologist derives from the order of superposition, and the mineral characters of the rocks in which his fossils are preserved; and, in the case of uninscribed coins, has nothing but the type and its geographical range on which to found any conclusion, unless, as in some rare instances it happens, the coins are associated with others of more certain date.
Ah, men! It's like artichokes, there are so many things to peel from them!
Tom can't hold his alcohol.
K, an introvert, lives with Joi, played by Ana de Armas, a beautiful, loving companion but a digital application. Their intangible relationship highlights the isolation and artificiality around them.
Tom is a snowflake.
No one is "becoming" trans to escape homophobia; trans people are treated worse than gay people.
Cookie's incessant meowing was pushing Tom to his limits.
Cookie pooped in the living room.
Cookie is the best dog I've ever had.
Tom's the name.
You did the wrong thing.
What even is anything?
Why is there something instead of nothing?
I didn't think Tom's limerick was very funny.
The limerick is an Irish poetry form.
Are limericks always funny?
Tom is a half-elf bard.
I wrote you a sonnet.
Tom is half-elven.
Tom is a half-elf.
Tom is half-orc.
Tom is half-elf.
I'd rather die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather than awake and screaming like his passengers.
"Aṣerbek" is a violent blow. It can kill. It is a merciless beating. Another example: he laid it out with a masterful slap.
Elon Musk isn't competent to take anyone to Mars; he has proven this.
When someone's piles of money run up against their clearly imprudent actions, it stands to reason that their piles of money did not come from their brilliant mind.
You go right ahead and get on a SpaceX ship to a Mars colony run by Elon Musk. Good luck.
Elon Musk wants a slave labor colony on Mars, free from the constraints of any country's laws.
Elon Musk despises unions more than almost anything, which explains why he wants to build colonies in space so badly: he wants places with no labor laws.
Elon isn't going to put anyone on Mars; he can't even run a social media company.
My self-esteem was so low that I didn't believe I was capable of hurting anyone.
Tom rejected Mary before she could reject him.
I am somewhat puzzled by the name; for the insect's music really suggests the tones of a Japanese harp, or koto—as good authorities declare.
Sir Robert Saville writing to Sir Robert Cotton, appointing an interview with the founder of the Bodleian Library, cautions Sir Robert, that “If he held any book so dear as that he would be loath to lose it, he should not let Sir Thomas out of his sight, but set ‘the boke’ aside beforehand.”
Teaching them many things for their good, we yet keep from them ignorantly, foolishly, with a hesitancy and neglect unpardonable—knowledge, the possession of which is essential for their future welfare.
There was plenty of strafing by fighter planes and sorties by small bomber squadrons, but there was none of the "massive retaliation" of World War II.
Impelled by the blows that rained upon him, now from this side, now from that, White Fang swung back and forth like an erratic and jerky pendulum.
That he was not listened to, and his advice scorned and spurned, was not Machiavelli's fault.
No man consents in his heart to pay high prices unless he feels that what he pays with his right hand he will get back with his left, either out of the pocket of a man who isn't looking, or out of the envy of the poor neighbour who is looking, but can't afford the figure.
Now, Keating is reaching musical heights undreamed of when she was a child and had no idea what a cello was.
Postpartum depression affects about 15 percent of women in the weeks and months after giving birth.
Therefore, all of us beggars and scroungers down at the front gate decided that if we didn't sort of band together, we wouldn't survive, and that if one could make it, that one would help all the others make it, and we would continue to help each other, so we banded together.
Wherever civilization reigns, people line up to see a movie or buy a book. Wherever mediocrity reigns, stupidity prompts them to do so to buy a bag of milk. Damn!
That's a bad move.
The ancient world was rather gruesome.
Don't look that up.
Jebus is the mythical former name of Jerusalem.
Poverty is something we, as a society, choose to have.
Poverty is a policy decision.
Medieval England buried people alive for merely associating with Jews.
"Why did so many medieval countries kick Jews out unless they had good reason?" "Because medieval society was savage, brutal, superstitious, and prone to mass hysteria."
We've come from barbarism, but not far.
George R. R. Martin gets the brutality of the Middle Ages right, but never tackles the mobs, riots, pogroms, and general mass psychology of the time.
Tom is such a dudebro.
Tom returned to his car, pulled out and drove away.
Successful salesmanship of the highest order requires not only a fine special training, but also a good education and a keen insight into human nature; it also requires resourcefulness, inventiveness and originality.
Every evening he told her that anybody with ordinary gumption ought to realize that night air was bad for the human frame.
And thou didst arm thyself ere thou wentest forth?
I immediately recognized two of the men who worked with me in thoracic surgery, Dr. James Duke and Dr. James Boland, Dr. Giesecke, who is an anesthesiologist, was also there along with a Dr. David Mebane who is an instructor in general surgery.
There is nothing, perhaps, more unfashionable, not to say mischievous, in the eyes of the present generation, than what they denominate Enthusiasm; a temper of mind, which they are disposed to treat with the greatest contempt, as altogether unworthy of the enlightened period in which we live.
How differently would I attune the story of our student days, were I to write it to-day in loving memory of my friend!
And away flew the owl out of the topmost window of the tower, and flapping his great lazy wings in the air, made directly over the trees to the spot where the weasel had her nest.
In other parlors, the sign on the window or door is the only evidence that such treatment is given.
I may not therefore, dear reader, tell you whether this pleasant abode be washed by the waves of the Atlantic or by the turbid current of the Mississippi; whether it be fanned by the flower-laden zephyrs of the South, or by the health-inspiring breezes of the North.
Esther has irritable bowel syndrome.
Esther has Crohn's disease.
People can be unreasonable.
In the doorway they passed a stout little man with stubby white moustaches, and the General stopped, exclaiming, “Hello, Major!”
It is in the cuneiform records of Babylonia that we catch the first glimpse of the early history of Canaan.
Surrealist writing came before surrealist visual art.
He's a self-hating Jew.
I take it all on myself! When the load is not too heavy and it is exceptional, I accept it.
It's not the same person.
The War on Drugs is over. Drugs won.
Yay!
Let's finish the first season.
I can't do olives.
I don't fuck with olives.
I don't do olives.
Olives aren't my thing.
I can't stand the texture of olives.
Cookie came and sat between us.
You like the chocolate ones, right?
Why would you lie about that?
From time to time, they arrive out of the blue.
I was living on the street that year.
Tom wouldn't learn French.
Tom wouldn't study French.
Are you the Tom Jackson?
Mushrooms are yum.
The only alterations made in these letters (intended only for the home circle) has been in substituting fictitious names for those of friends.
Sculptures and paintings represent bracelets by bands of red or blue colour on the arms, and show that the Egyptians wore four—one on the wrist and one above the elbow of each arm.
If you peep into a Samoan house at midnight, you will see five or six low oblong tents pitched (or rather strung up) here and there throughout the house.
Headaches, stomachaches and infertility are all symptoms of celiac disease, an immune system disorder that affects the gastrointestinal tract.
Their work reveals a lot about songbird genetics, and opens a new door to understanding the basis of human speech.
These proverbs, which contained the wisdom of many ages and nations, I assembled and form'd into a connected discourse prefix'd to the Almanack of 1757, as the harangue of a wise old man to the people attending an auction.
It was also shorn of some of the typical pomp of the annual presidential speech to both the House and Senate because of coronavirus restrictions.
Inside the museum, visitors can see other creatures, from tarantulas to roaches, but Karner says they are all part of the same natural environment.
The crystals contained in this bottle are specimens of this salt, which consists of a combination of ammonia and muriatic acid.
Harry’s nephew, Prince George, will be a pageboy, and niece Princess Charlotte a bridesmaid.
"And Mary, you're a catgirl, right?" "No; I'm a cat. My fursona is a cat. I'm not a catgirl; that's something else."
Tom unzipped.
Tom likes sharing his data.
You've barely touched your soup.
There's no intention in the universe.
Who is this clown?
Dave plays the fiddle in a klezmer band.
So-called "gender exploratory therapy" is a type of conversion therapy created by former conversion therapists.
Conversion therapy has been proven both ineffective and psychologically damaging.
If you put in the work, things happen.
If you put in the work, things often happen.
Tom only sees the faults in countries that are not allied with his own.
Being polyamorous is good, actually.
Don't ban books; ban fascists.
Books are lifeless; fascists are a walking threat to the lives of marginalized people.
Books can't hurt anyone; fascists can.
"Explain how words can be violence." "The Ayatollah wrote down some words saying Salman Rushdie must be killed, and then he was shot."
The word "woke" describes anything a far-right person doesn't like, from feathered dinosaurs to the presence of non-white people in a movie.
"Venus is always overcast." "That's a bit of an understatement."
"What's the weather like on Venus?" "Overcast."
Is it possible to terraform Venus?
On account of its distance from the sun, how much warmer would a terraformed Venus be than Earth?
Pasta!
Tom! Telephone!
Tom! The phone's for you!
Name three house pets that aren't dogs or cats.
Name three pets you've had.
Why do I always find one shoe on the side of the road?
You didn't owe me a response at all.
The weather on Venus is warm and overcast.
Straight white cisgender Christian men have been responsible for all but a handful of America's staggeringly large number of mass shootings.
Right-wingers invent the wildest persecution fantasies.
I just got back from a stoning.
OK, name one time a right-winger has ever been stoned to death for not understanding trans people.
Literally nothing like that ever happens.
Ben was a robustly tall man in his early thirties, with a huge, half-bald head, and dark-brown hair inclined to be frizzly.
In the decades since, his fashion house was best known for voluptuous gowns that made their way from the runway to the red carpet.
Their countenances betrayed ill-humour and dissatisfaction; and if they spoke to each other, it was in gruff, surly tones.
Dozens of employees at a Wisconsin technology business were implanted with microchips Tuesday at the company's headquarters.
A participle is partly verb and partly adjective.
Meerkats live in large colonies, almost like rabbits, each animal scratching out for itself a deep hole in the ground.
In the same way as the aborigenes of Australia throw their boomerang with inimitable dexterity and security, the Sakai manages his blowpipe with a cleverness it is impossible to imitate or learn.
Scientists across the globe are scrambling to develop a vaccine that can beat back the COVID-19 virus, hoping to whittle a process that typically takes years down to months.
The ground is dry and baked hard—the hoes and rakes kick up clouds of dust.
There were influences that tempered the joys of leaf-kicking—some "meanie" was always ready to hide a big rock, or other disagreeable foreign substance, under a particularly inviting bunch of leaves—then watch and giggle at your discomfiture when you came innocently ploughing along!
I found the movie cloying.
I thought it was cloying and trite.
Rowling's entire brain has been consumed by fascist brainworms.
She may still think she's on the left, but there's nothing left of that part of her.
Supporting actual Nazis, repeating their arguments uncritically, these are the sorts of things that might get you branded a Nazi.
Mutual aid helps.
Homeless people are our neighbors.
Europe is a social construct.
Most sexual predators are straight men.
You can either believe that words can't hurt or that "SJWs" are toxic, but you can't believe both.
I wasn't ready for a relationship back then.
I didn't know who I was or what I wanted.
I didn't know what I had to offer other people.
I didn't know what I wanted from other people.
The overwhelming majority of mass shooters could pass a psychiatric evaluation, and many did.
There is no evidence mental health has to do with mass shootings, which are primarily motivated by right-wing ideology.
Matt Walsh considers the Native American genocide "good and heroic."
I crave novelty; my partner craves habit.
I love to introduce new flavors into dishes, but my partner doesn't like me to.
Of course you can use it when I'm not. I'm not a capitalist.
Ancient Rome was not a queer pagan paradise.
America was built on slavery and genocide.
Thou wentest forth in echoing steel, and conquered the king of many isles: He brought thee his daughter Oina-moral, as an offering of peace.
He knew himself sufficiently well to judge others leniently.
He found them tanning in the sunroom, their unclothed bodies evenly browned from invisible light.
Margaret and Baster soon had the hems basted.
Turkmenistan’s leader has unveiled a six-meter-high gilded statue of a dog in the center of a busy traffic circle in the nation’s capital, Ashgabat.
It is a wide watercourse which, after rain, stretches out unrestrained at many places in its course into a series of shallow swamps and clay-banked waterholes.
Mary took me to a gay bar.
Although blockaded by snow at Hamadan I was able to visit the ancient Ecbatana and there acquired a small collection of Greek jewels and Chaldean cylinders.
Over the great plain at a breakneck speed, and down toward the little settlement of Clontarf’s Post, rode a youthful horseman whose fair young face was aglow with health, and whose dark, bright eyes roamed restlessly over the green expanse before him.
This must be resolved speedily, but not now; for it evidently agitates her too much.
The sun was just disappearing behind the roofs of the Rue Saint-Lazare, but still shed its rays obliquely on that little, overdressed crowd.
Beneath that tree’s great shadow on the plain a fountain bubbled up, whose lymph serene nothing of earthly mixture might distain: fountain so pure not anywhere was seen in all the world, nor on whose marge the earth put flowers of such unfading beauty forth.
Remove the pulp from the grapefruits and oranges in the manner previously explained.
They sat around the campfire telling war stories.
Sorry for infodumping.
"Sorry for infodumping." "You don't have to apologize for that."
"Sorry for infodumping." "Why? I love infodumping."
"Why does Israel have a higher skin cancer rate than all its neighbors?" "It doesn't. Lebanon has a higher rate."
This disdain that is felt for whatever is wild, natural, and unowned, is largely responsible for the unscrupulous digging up of any attractive plants that may be discovered, a subject of which I propose to speak in the next chapter.
But it was not until they settled at the table that he saw, under the bright electric light, that her hair was red, not blonde, and he immediately felt he'd been gypped.
With no preliminaries the male flew to the female and lit on her back to copulate.
When we called on him he showed us, by his hygrometer, that the air was very humid, though the temperature was at 86° Fahr., and told us, what probably is true, that in this heavy, hot weather, every wound and bruise, however trifling, is likely to become serious.
All philosophies of the classic type have made a fixed and fundamental distinction between two realms of existence.
In this case the master of Comparative Philology disregarded the phonetic laws which he had himself helped to establish.
Conventional wisdom is that this will work; however, it won't.
The manner in which the militarization was accomplished is detailed in part in the documents, which have been presented to the Court and will be detailed further when the particular organizations are taken up and discussed and their criminality established at subsequent stages in the case.
I have read somewhere about the exceeding beauty of the eyes of the gazelle; how noted hunters have alleged that their nature so softened on looking into the animal's eyes that they (the hunters) had no heart to destroy the creature.
Richard Dawkins is culturally Anglican.
A blood-pressure band, or tourniquet, is placed about the arm, and the pressure increased until the forearm becomes cyanosed and the radial pulse is almost obliterated.
Until they figure out whether eggs are good or bad, I'm staying vegan. But I'll also stay vegan after that.
The laws of physical phenomena, or rather the mathematical expressions for these laws, are covariant (unchanged in form) when we apply the Lorentz transformation to them.
Vegans usually get plenty of protein.
Tom washed all the blood out of his alcohol system a long time ago.
The double empathy problem is described as a reciprocal failure to empathize with one another on the part of neurotypical and autistic people, who have completely different ways of communicating and of thinking about the world.
The double empathy problem contrasts with the classic view that autistic people are lacking in empathy and must make up for this, instead placing shared responsibility on both neurotypical and autistic people to try to understand one another's perspectives.
The double empathy problem is supported by the amount of empathy autistic people are able to display towards each other, who have similar ways of thinking and communicating.
Food companies are jacking up prices under the cover of "inflation" and making record profits.
Do you have a link that isn't The New York Times?
If it was about Zionism and not about Jews, non-Zionist Jews wouldn't have been ethnically cleansed from most countries in Southwest Asia and North Africa.
Is Python a programming language?
Are you really cis, or do you just think you're cis because you're allistic?
I thought Tom was allistic.
For the longest time, I wasn't willing to believe there were really any Flat Earthers.
We are the gods we've been praying to for help.
Every step towards organization raises a crop of vices peculiar to itself, fresh developments of the egotism and greed and vanity of those into whose hands there falls control, fresh instances of that hostile pedantry which seems so natural to officials and managers, insurgencies and obstinacies and suspicions on the part of everyone.
It was Christmastime and everything ends right during this happy season, so putting the soiled apron into the box from which she took the kitten and putting the kitten into the wash basin intended for the apron was only a slight mixup, from which mischievous Esther would soon clear herself.
Discontented officers in the army and navy rallied to this idea, and a conspiracy was organized to depose the emperor and declare a republic.
Some royal names are predestined to misfortune: in France, there is the name “Henry”.
Hung round the room are the portraits of Frederick, of Catharine, of Lekain—one of Voltaire himself, taken at the age of forty, and full of expression, with a number of silhouettes of the celebrated men of the day.
The word “cantata” is so flexible and covers such a wide area in music, that it has been a work of some difficulty to decide upon the compositions that properly come within the scheme of this volume.
Indeed, the little flame seemed conscious of its own inability, and burned with a wavering and mistrustful flicker, as if it was discouraged in view of the task set before it, and had more than half concluded to go out altogether.
Other severe side effects of Kymriah include serious infections, low blood pressure (hypotension), acute kidney injury, fever, and decreased oxygen (hypoxia).
The ovaries develop with the growth of the female, so that, finally, at the pubescent period, they ripen and liberate an ovum, or germ vesicle, which is carried into the uterine cavity through the Fallopian tubes.
In the driver’s seat of a scuffed yellow forklift, Wade Tate wheels through a vast distribution center on this city’s outskirts, storing inventory—boxes of machine parts or Sterno fuel kits—and fulfilling customers’ orders.
The opportunity was too good to be missed; appealed irresistibly to the humorous side of the listener; frivolity gained the day.
The Sex Pistols were the Monkees of punk.
We take care of each other.
Tom was a flower child.
Roberts has authored more than 40 books on subjects like organic farming, urban agriculture, herbs and ‘superfoods.'
The ancestors of the Theropoda appear first in the Triassic period, already of large size, but less completely bipedal than their successors.
In the early 1990s, computer programmer Tim Berners-Lee devised HTML—it is the computer code used to create the web pages and hyperlinks that you click to get from one page to the next.
For a long time we led the life of freebooters, robbing and plundering wherever we went, and dissipating the proceeds of our robberies in the wildest debauchery.
The onlookers cried in rival tumult that this, at all events, would be the last war in history; and an echo of their consoling philosophy carried to the departing troops and, in the belief that this was a war to end war, furnished them at last with a ready explanation of their going.
We mean by this, that the Angora goat raising industry is yet in its infancy, and that much of the mohair produced is sheared from goats which have been bred from the common hair variety.
At sight of him, the animal came forward, rubbed demonstratively against his legs, and with affectionate persistence followed him up-stairs.
“Howdy-do!” said I aloud to the fattest and reddest carnation that overtopped all the rest.
It will be recalled that Archimedes amazed the Syracusan general by constructing an apparatus that enabled him, sitting on shore, to drag a ponderous galley from the water.
The oars caught among the lily-pads; this gave her an excuse for pulling and wrenching at them.
It stood now, a large twenty-five room house in the midst of pine trees, with shaded verandas running around each floor, commanding a gorgeous view over the three neighbouring islands, on the one hand, and the smiling shores of Anatolia on the other.
Just because you didn't do it on purpose doesn't mean you shouldn't be held accountable.
The building is structurally unsound.
You need to do the homework. You can't learn by osmosis.
"You're pretty," said the cockatoo.
Tom and Mary were memorizing a catechism.
That was before the ratification of the Twenty-first Amendment, so alcohol was still illegal.
Ratification of the treaty by all parties is required before it can go into effect.
Tom is an austrolopithecine.
Tom is a hominid.
Karl Marx famously said that communism is when pronouns.
I disencumbered myself of everything that would hinder me and placed my feet in the best position for a leap.
Besides the yellow jersey of the winner, he also snagged the Tour’s white and polka dot jerseys for best young rider and best mountain rider, respectively.
All volcanoes in the dataset with magma flow rates greater than one-tenth of a cubic kilometer per year—roughly 40,000 Olympic swimming pools—ruptured their magma chambers within a year.
People have known since ancient times that aspirin lessens pain and lowers high body temperature.
I don’t know what powers he’s developed by himself, but I do know he’s an expert at hypnosis and memory erasure already.
Prime Minister Brown said the world economy is interdependent, and that there is no solution to the current crisis that is not a global solution.
He says the whisky-based biofuel provides more power than bioethanol, a fuel made from plants like corn or sugar cane.
Assuming the appropriate name of Little, our author published in 1801, a volume of poems, chiefly amatory, which, though they established his poetical reputation, were severely censured for their warmth and licentiousness.
In aggravated cases, when the patient is suffering pain, when his occupation is interfered with by repeated attacks of phlebitis, or when there are large pouches on the veins, operative treatment is called for.
Given the atomic numbers 113, 115, 117 and 118, the four new elements have been named Nihonium (Nh), Moscovium (Mc), Tennessine (Ts) and Oganesson (Og), respectively.
All in all, the southeast sector offers a very diverse avifauna, and it should not be ignored by the visiting birder.
Homosexuality is natural.
Bolivia's salt flats, colored lagoons and flamingo sanctuaries attract thousands of visitors every year.
A white American man did a mass shooting.
Tom's lover's husband is in the army.
Tom isn't potty-trained yet.
In the past, I would have thought differently.
Tom was born in space.
Tom was born on a spaceship.
I only speak a little bit of English.
I only speak a little bit of Welsh.
Mondays are like that.
“My mom had to take any job—handing out leaflets, making empanadas, selling food, babysitting,” she said of her childhood era, a near 13-year-span during which she and her family lived under the radar, undocumented.
Howler monkeys mainly eat leaves.
Have you ever seen a muriqui?
According to “Hal Ka Haleel,” a compendium of his legacy and work, Hadraawi wrote the lyrics to more than 200 epic poems and the lyrics to more than 70 songs.
He founded the famous breed of Mantuan horses, and gave them about free-handedly to other sovereigns of his acquaintance.
Tom is a chess hustler.
It appears that I have been turned into a pineapple.
Mary is the world chess champion.
Modern batteries now hold more energy, and their recharging time is shorter, which means their usability as power sources is approaching gas tanks.
Anchors are of solid iron and very heavy; and cables are made of hemp or of iron chain.
Young Cupid went storming to Vulcan one day, and besought him to look at his arrow.
By the middle of this century, 68 percent of the world will be urbanized, adding 2½ billion people to global cities.
Sorted garbage arrives at the baler, which produces the facility's final product—pressed bales of plastic and metal, each weighing up to half a ton.
One bamboo chair had already been vacated by its occupant; in the other, sat a young English lady.
The gas produced consists therefore of carbon monoxide, hydrogen, nitrogen, and a small proportion of hydrocarbons and carbonic acid gas.
I was a nobody back then.
Tom shot a laser at John.
Tom shot John with his laser gun.
Tom zapped John with a laser.
It's not time yet.
I made a tinfoil purse to match my hat.
Danish, Norwegian, and Swedish are a scam by Big Language to sell more languages.
Margays are closely related to ocelots.
Many New World monkeys have prehensile tails.
We could have had tails.
Why did apes lose our tails?
You take after your father.
You take after your mother.
The flooding has covered farms and roads and slowed shipments of food and fuel.
The exuberance of the style and its tricky capriciousness may be, and are, condemned by purists as in questionable taste; but as an outcome of national feeling, and as an example of original inventive ingenuity and patience, this and other notable specimens of the style, to which reference will be made later, are of the highest interest to the student, and a delight to the ordinary observer who can free himself from the straightlaced traditions of the schools.
Again, having divided the calculus into algebraic and arithmetical, M. Comte admits, as perforce he must, that the algebraic is more general than the arithmetical; yet he will not say that algebra preceded arithmetic in point of time.
All presages and prophecies of doom glimmered and babbled in the ghastly gloom, and in the midst of that accursed scene a wolf sat howling on a broken tomb.
The workingman has taken an advanced place in the struggle for the democratization of industry.
It is not so easy to write ballads descriptive of the bushland of Australia as on light consideration would appear.
At the ruined altar ghostly priests officiated, passing quietly from side to side, with bows and genuflections.
The soft music, the low voices of the people around him and the soft popping of champagne corks whispered into Paul's ears.
But, coming to the throne, she threw away her modesty and brawled and rioted with very little self-restraint.
Outlining his findings in a study published by the journal Geology, Menge suggests that electrically charged volcanic ash from the devastating eruption short-circuited the ionosphere, which produced the clouds that dumped the soaking rains on Napoleon and his troops at Waterloo.
Keep buggering on.
Sex is cringe.
I know you're feeling discouraged, but you just have to keep buggering on and eventually things will get better.
Tom accidentally stepped in dog poop on his morning jog.
Tom takes his coffee seriously, and his go-to order is a ristretto.
There are more intersex people in the world than there are Jewish people.
No one is self-made.
Remember how Hyperloop was going to make public transportation obsolete?
Elon got bored with Hyperloop and moved onto other castles in the air.
File not found.
Maybe Russia shouldn't have invaded Ukraine.
Remember when Trump tried to start a war with Iran?
Human nature is a blank slate.
Ronald Reagan was known to confuse the events of movies he was in for real things that had happened to him.
The Democrats are America's centrist party; it has no left-wing party.
You're going easy on me.
You're letting me win.
Don't go easy on me.
Don't let me win.
Those ones aren't for sale.
The horse in question had been sighted several times, and its hoofprints were often seen within half a mile of Freezeout.
In the palæstra cold water was used alone, and the bath was either taken direct from the basin or else the athlete stood while a friend swilled him down from a bucket.
His small herd of Guernsey cows churns out about 475 liters of milk a day at Woodbourne Creamery in Mt. Airy, Maryland, but Fendrick never has to touch an udder.
This was decided by a popular vote in 1861, but owing to some technical defects was resubmitted to the people of the county in 1862, and then definitely decided.
We all knew Smokey Bear's watchword: "Only YOU can prevent forest fires."
It only has three strings, which according to McNally, makes it a lot easier to play than other stringed instruments.
She's been matron and acting superintendent ever since the hospital was opened, five years ago.
We may leave the details of their theory unexamined, but we must not forget to ask them the only question with which we are concerned: Are all things in motion and flux?
The common inability of the hypomanic patient to hold his attention to any subject when another is open, is very like the distractibility of the child who turns to every new interest as it is presented.
“Many of Cambaytherium’s features, like the teeth, the number of sacral vertebrae, and the bones of the hands and feet, are intermediate between Perissodactyla and more primitive animals,” Rose says.
I found her a small kitchen and dining room down street, where she serves rare Italian dishes, ravioli a la Tuscany and the like.
'That's true, my boy,' returned the master, sending, in the plenitude of his satisfaction, a jet of smoke towards us with astonishing force.
Regular maintenance should keep the machine in good working order.
America was never great.
He modeled caryatids for the Palais de la Bourse at Brussels; for the Palais des Académies he made a frieze representing children and the attributes of the arts and sciences; he was charged also with the execution of decorative pieces for different municipal buildings of the city of Antwerp.
Chang says drinkers in Taiwan find the whiskies from Scotland to be more exotic.
He gave it up finally; how could any Earthman rationalize the outlandish compulsions that actuated so alien a race?
He knew the inebriating sweetness of popular applause, and the bitter revulsions consequent on its change into public disfavor and censure.
For some half-hour he tried to comfort himself with an idea that he could get hold of Captain Marrable and maul him; that it would be a thing permissible for him, a magistrate, to go forth with a whip and flog the man, and then perhaps shoot him, because the man had been fortunate in love where he had been unfortunate.
It is the lexicographer’s office to make a complete register of the vocabulary of the language; and so, to make his work exhaustive, he frequently records many slang words in his dictionary.
Boiling water for one minute will kill most types of disease-causing organisms, such as cholera, typhoid, salmonella, giardia, E. coli, and amoebas.
Heeled shoes may have been invented by ancient horsemen in the Near East, says Elizabeth Semmelhack, curator at the Bata Shoe Museum in Toronto, Canada.
Tomasz and colleagues found that a new antibiotic called Ceftobiprole annihilated colonies of MRSA.
The project collects DNA samples and analyzes chromosomal locations, known as loci, to identify and catalog genetic similarities and differences in human beings.
One down, two to go.
The British government announced Friday plans to fast-track any viable COVID-19 vaccine, allowing the emergency use of the drug before it goes through the formal licensing process, if it meets certain safety and quality standards.
Historically, these verbal sparring contests have sometimes played a pivotal role in helping Americans decide who to vote for.
"You're a fool!" he lashed bitterly, "a fool, and a liar, and the kind of trollop who'll run a murderer's errands!"
These works of the Ice King, both intact and partly ruined, have attracted the attention and study of a number of prominent geologists and glaciologists.
The Star desires to remunerate its correspondents according to the worth of a story and not for so many words.
What are you asking for it?
Translators are the sworn enemies of jokes; the exigencies of their deplorable trade cause them to maul the poor little things about while they are putting them into new clothes, and the result is death, or at the least an appearance of vacuous senescence; but jokes are only the crystallization of humour; it exists also in less tangible forms, such as style and all that collection of effects vaguely lumped together and called "atmosphere."
On a global scale, there is more corruption in the construction trade than in the arms or energy sectors, and Transparency International has found that corruption can be found in every phase of construction—from the preliminary planning stage, to the awarding of contracts, to the employment of subcontractors, to the operation and maintenance of projects.
Patricia's car skidded on a slippery spot on the road and spun completely around twice.
The women in this village know the health consequences of the sooty flames only too well.
On a clear October day, Naini Lake shimmers in the afternoon sun as boatmen row tourists across the hill resort’s prime attraction nestled amid lush, pine-clothed Himalayan peaks.
Our eyes are opened to see other colors than purple and gold, our ears to hear understandingly other sounds than the roar of traffic, the shriek of an automobile horn, or syncopated music.
It is well known that Pierre and Marie Curie used this new-found radioactivity to identify the new elements polonium and radium.
Participants in the meeting said some progress had been made, but that more work needs to be done on such difficult issues as antidumping, environmental regulations and agricultural subsidies.
She never saw him again once he entered the health facility, and doesn't know what happened to his cremains.
Once all the voluntary evacuations have taken place, then we will concentrate our efforts and our forces to mandatorily evacuate individuals.
These two little jackals were so frightened that they ran here, there and everywhere, trying to get away from that Rajah Lion.
A 2015 ACE report used Department of Commerce information to show a decrease in the number of low income students enrolling in college.
Champion thoroughbred "Big Brown" is a strong contender to become the first horse in 30 years to win U.S. horse racing's Triple Crown on Saturday when he runs in the Belmont Stakes in New York.
They loyally united in her defence, and sought to squelch the revolter by loftily explaining that the actress turned her back so often to the audience because she had such a noble, generous nature and desired to give the other actors a chance.
The Oxford comma is a recent invention that is by no means mandatory.
Some people believe the earth is 6,000 years old, while others believe it is 4.5 billion years old. As a centrist, I reject both extremes and find the answer in the middle: the earth is 2,250,003,000 years old.
That's not a bad move.
People like Tom because he tells them what they want to hear.
You don't care about any of those things.
Tom bought a switchblade at the flea market.
Remember when Lia Thomas got fifth place in a race and the whole right pretended to be livid?
Riley Gaines managed to turn a fifth-place tie with a trans woman, the most inconsequential thing imaginable, into a career as a paid anti-trans activist.
Americans are twice as likely to buy products by companies that have been outspoken in favor of LGBTQ rights.
Like most right-wing sayings, "go woke, go broke" is aspirational; it does not reflect the world as it is, but the world as they believe it should be.
Though he was the least remarkable nu-metal artist, Kid Rock managed to extend his fame beyond the natural life of the genre by being a foaming-at-the-mouth reactionary.
Trans people should arm themselves.
We have guns in the house.
I'm on fire!
Ed submitted an application to the Suffolk Coastal District Council, but neighbors worry about the planned structure's impact on the crested newt population.
A positron is an “antielectron”: it has the mass of an electron but a positive charge.
According to Galen, the four elements of Aristotelian science—fire, water, air, and earth—comprised the four major humors of the human body: blood, phlegm, yellow bile, and black bile.
The male has an abdomen which is slightly flattened and, moreover, curved at the tip; the female, before the laying, has hers full and perceptibly distended by its ovular contents.
Knowing how ingeniously Mr. Shei had laid his plans and guarded against every imaginable emergency, he had not been altogether certain that his artful contrivance would succeed, but the scientist’s acute distress was ample proof that Mr. Shei had been outmaneuvered and that The Gray Phantom was master of the situation.
During the reigns of Charles II., and James, his successor, the principal nobility held frequent meetings in a subterraneous vault beneath this house, for the purpose of ascertaining the measures necessary to be pursued for reestablishing the liberties of the kingdom, which the insidious hypocrisy of one monarch, and the more avowed despotism of the other, had completely undermined and destroyed.
The cubs take little notice of you at first; but after a time they suddenly stop playing, stare hard at you for half a minute, then bolt off helter-skelter into the forest of waving green wheat.
The consequences of inaction on these issues are not unknown, they are calculable.
The faces of the jambs and archivolts of these openings are heavily adorned with mouldings and foliate ornaments in terra-cotta relief, while the archivolts of the arcade above have more simple neo-classic profiling, and more refined and conventional foliate ornamentation.
The Central Power is not ignorant of the ramifications of their acts, not after we've made point-blank statements, but they continue to get rougher and bolder, just as though they had the world in the palm of their hands.
I'm not in any big hurry.
It's fine; it happens.
I'm sorry I forgot to call you back yesterday.
Tom sounded very stoned.
Amit is a psytrance artist.
You're a narc.
Tom's a narc.
Tom's a rat.
Coming here to pick a fight with me was a real bad move.
Tom is Bri'ish.
I pronounced his name wrong on purpose to annoy him.
Tom is a collector of bad habits.
Error 404. Page not found.
Throwing food at people is a very old, harmless, and uncontroversial form of protest.
The crybully claimed to have been "violently assaulted" after food was thrown at her in protest of her far-right politics.
Not a single women's sport is dominated by trans women.
"Can't you say anything nice about Christianity?" "Would it be enough if I told you the answer was yes, that I could sincerely talk about several good things Christianity has brought to the world? Because I could, but I don't, because Christianity has enough defenders."
The constant lies make me wonder if your cause is really so just.
We had difficulties.
We don't agree with that.
That's not the way we do things.
That's the way we do things.
People who readily admit to having no more than a high-school-level science education are arrogant enough to speak over actual doctors and scientists.
Tom is a white Australian who pretends to be a third-world socialist.
Tom's just slumming it.
They're always going downtown and slumming it.
"Aren't you ever happy?" "Surprisingly often."
I thought you were going places.
I thought Tom was going places.
I always thought Tom would be great no matter what he did.
When learning a language, it's important to learn the words for more than just one nationality and language name.
The sentence "David is a Jew" is not equivalent to the sentence "Tom is a Jew," as the latter would be far more rare.
I don't like the flavor.
He carries an enormous sword everywhere he goes.
Let's fix it together.
When people ask me how I'm doing, I have a hard time not giving them an honest answer.
I think Tom ate it.
I was born on a pirate ship.
Franco's remains should've been given the ol' Mussolini treatment.
The new topographical data shows a more complex moon than previously thought, one bombarded by two distinct populations of asteroids or comets in its turbulent early history.
The grand duchies of Germany were therefore separated from the Germanic Empire, and the Emperor of France was declared to be their protector.
The report challenges the notion that the Ebola virus is mainly carried by three species of fruit bats. It found numerous potential animal carriers including rodents, primates, hoofed mammals, civets and shrews.
Goran says HFCS contains more fructose, or fruit sugar, than other sweeteners, such as sucrose or table sugar.
There are several varieties of omelettes, each named after the ingredient prominent in the composition.
Mineral-munching microbes could have found a hospitable environment in an ancient Martian lake, according to new research.
Ricks, 54, is now a lawmaker in the Colorado General Assembly, elected in November 2020.
In 1620 the King of Sweden renewed the war; and the Scots, under Colonels Ruthven and Seaton, distinguished themselves at the siege and capture of Riga, the capital city of Livonia.
The opium-smoker, still portly and well-dressed, is entreated by his poor wife on bended knees to desist from the disastrous habit.
The guidance said the health benefits of breastfeeding newborns outweighs any potential mother-to-child transmission risk.
That was a chance shot, but it found its billet.
You can't fix it, and neither can I, but we can together.
I love sitting next to you and reading while you play games.
I love cuddling with you.
In January 2023, the U.S. government's No Fly List was leaked by a trans Swiss hacker named maia arson crimew (sic).
Remember when we got lost in Boston?
There are cats everywhere.
Yiddish is a scam by Big German to sell more German.
There are no Christians in the Hebrew Bible.
Eating mushrooms is the closest thing to eating meat.
Grab a shovel and start digging.
Sorry, sir, but this coupon is expired.
Who knows who is who?
They are happy to be hungry. God willing, they won't leave.
Even after a single glass of champagne I have found that the slight mental exaltation is accompanied by a slight obfuscation.
"At the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Glasgow [Scotland] last year, all countries agreed to revisit and strengthen their climate plans," said the executive secretary of U.N. Climate Change in a statement released to the media.
My first experiments were failures and I was discouraged because, instead of saving food, I was wasting it, and yet I was unwilling to acknowledge myself defeated by the little square of leaven that came to me so attractively done up in tinfoil.
For such an important election, many voters complain there has been too little solid information to make a decision and too much scaremongering, and grandstanding by both sides.
From the nature of my subject it was inevitable that the book should be full of technicalities, figures, and statistics, but it has been my endeavour to render the technicalities intelligible, and to prevent the significance of the statistics being obscured by an excess of detail.
The rivers are dried out.
There is no more water in the rivers.
All panhandlers ask for dimes—but this one had a very special purpose!
It was nearing the end of April, and a hundred birds sang of the winter wonders of arid Africa, and of the witcheries of the Nile, where Pygmies are at war with the butterflies, and the great god Memnon raises his mighty shout to greet the dawn of day.
He sang his gayest songs and leaped so lightly in the air, there seemed to be a thousand harlequins, and little Beppo followed lightly after.
You know how impetuous our friend is ordinarily, what a soul of restlessness and energy, never content unless he is rushing at some object, like a sportive bull at a red shawl; but amiable withal.
This got some scientists to thinking about ways to keep our very expensive robotic probes from getting sidelined by something as inconsequential as a sand trap.
No law enacted by the legislature of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region shall contravene this Law.
"The atheist," they called him; "the little atheist."
You can see infrared, can't you?
Tom literally threw John under the bus.
Updates are ready to install.
Tucker Carlson is a sociopath.
Tucker Carlson is a sociopath with an audience of sociopaths.
I don't have cable because I'm not a boomer.
Most bans on gender-affirming care explicitly carve out exceptions for the only actual child genital mutilation going on, that against intersex babies.
Oh my FSM!
Oh my IPU!
Companies are doing everything they can to cut costs and reduce turnaround times.
Sparta was deprived of her share in the Amphictyonic privileges; the two votes in the council possessed by the Phocians were transferred to the kings of Macedonia; and Philip was to share with the Thebans and Thessalians the honour of presiding at the Pythian games (B.C. 346).
The notion that Washington laid down some law against reelecting a President for more than two terms is an example of how a complete error may pass into popular belief and become a superstition.
An anthropoid ape has a body which is several times as hardy, durable and mighty as that of even the strongest man, but the ape has not the brain of a civilized man.
The super computer bested veteran Jeopardy champs Ken Jennings and Brad Rutter in all categories: the arts, popular culture, science, geography, wordplay and more.
King Dodon, a lazy and gluttonous ruler, is greatly worried by his warlike neighbors.
I have no ambition to outshine him or any other erudite.
The numbers of each organism varied from day to day in a way that showed conclusively the essentially trophic nature of the protozoan population.
Ladybugs are beetles that like crimson clover and hairy vetch.
He realized there were some boos mixed with the cheering.
A new study looks at what sheepdogs do naturally with their flocks to come up with a computer model that can recreate their behavior and apply it to situations well beyond the pasture.
Giles Headley the younger was a fine tall youth, but clumsy and untrained in the use of his limbs, and he rode a large, powerful brown horse, which brooked no companionship, lashing out with its shaggy hoofs at any of its kind that approached it, more especially at poor, plump, mottled Poppet.
Still she was silent, for the sarcasm in Erskine’s voice was angering her.
The collapse of the bridge has also wakened officials all over the country to the threat posed by bridges and other vital infrastructure that might be cracked or showing signs of fatigue as well as to the need for new inspections.
Tom is an OK singer.
That website seems a bit dodgy, I wouldn't enter your credit card information there.
I can't believe this!
I can not believe it!
If he forks, he will soon catch you unawares.
By stealing the day Shrek was born, the conniving elf (in his plot to take over the kingdom) leaves the ogre to deal with a world in which he never existed.
The WHO statement comes after seven workers were infected at a poultry plant in Astrakhan, near the Volga river.
Not quite two months after binging on Halloween candy, Americans will once again indulge in sweets over the Christmas holidays.
This fetishism of the parliamentary majority represents a brutal repudiation, not only of the dictatorship of the proletariat, but of Marxism and of the revolution altogether.
For his first state visit to China, South Korean President Moon Jae-in came with an entourage of more than 300 business people, an actress who is wildly popular here and heartthrob boy band EXO, which sings in both Korean and Chinese.
We all have to commit to getting rid of this perversion to our culture.
When Adam Hussein founded the station, he hoped to give a voice to disempowered residents by highlighting issues that directly touch their daily lives.
The experimental technique may someday give cardiologists a new tool for treating patients with heart rhythm disorders.
Scores of people—most of them women, children or the elderly—have been imprisoned after being pressured or beaten into "confessing" they were involved in witchcraft.
In this turbulent riptide of intellectual currents, Robert Boyle, without formal medical education, performed many medical functions, as a sometime practitioner, consultant, and researcher.
In fact, there is every reason to believe he followed this course with the greatest of reluctance, aware of its pitfalls, and that he took every precaution that was humanly possible.
Glorious London! Leviathan of human greed; palpitating hot-bed of iniquity and joy; Greek, Roman, Spanish, Saxon, Kelt, Scot, Pict, Norman and Dane have swept over thee like winter storms; and the mighty Cæsar, Julius of old, with a myriad of bucklered warriors and one hundred galleons of sailors, triple-oared mariners, defying wave and fate, have ploughed the placid face of Father Thames, startling the loud cry of hawk and bittern as his royal prows grated on thy strand, or skimmed over the marshes of thy infancy.
Taiwan asks deplaning passengers to report travel histories and any obvious symptoms.
Would you like a spot of tea with your scone?
Spanglish is working its way into popular culture, in music and television shows, but some Spanish language experts see Spanglish as a threat to Spanish culture.
In 1960, linguists predicted that compulsory education, mass media, foreign immigration and the “mobility of restless Americans” would ultimately standardize English, and in only a few generations, regional accents would disappear.
According to Ms. Morillon, the report disproves the theory that economic prosperity is a precondition for democracy.
Nature, both in her palpable and impalpable aspects, may be said to be the book of life wherein are recorded the movements, the expressions, and the diacritics of life.
They were in this hole together, and he might well need the blubbery loudmouth's help to get out—if there were any way to get out.
Experts say the colossus almost certainly depicts King Psamtik I, who ruled Egypt between 664 and 610 B.C.
The consul mopped his sweating, beefy face and cursed Venusian air-conditioning units.
“Vietnam is emerging as a key player in Southeast Asia’s medical tourism industry,” the consultancy says.
If that's true, why didn't you tell me sooner?
I'm going to switch back.
Emma wrote a lot in Yiddish as well.
Let's get this bread!
I think I have more than one fursona.
Are you a furry?
I'm a furry.
There's a wasp in the kitchen.
I'm terrified of wasps.
I'm terrified of WASPs.
I'll just be in the corner curled up in the fetal position until the wasp is gone.
Butterflies are fluttering all over the place.
Hey! Cookie! No!
Cookie! No!
I don't know if that sentence makes sense.
More than 50 years after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down laws banning interracial marriage, a growing number of ads feature interracial couples with biracial children.
Every night, the Inner Harbor in Baltimore, Maryland glistens with an array of lights from the waterside restaurants and shops, creating lovely water reflections.
Archers are cowards.
He forbore to say that now the disgrace fell only upon his shoulders, that she was saved from it.
Twenty-seven percent of questioners posed questions about the economy, while health care accounted for 15 percent of queries—and even these questions often contained a financial or economic component.
Put these to boil in two quarts of water with two turnips, a carrot sliced, two teaspoonfuls of salt, and one of pepper.
Out of milk? Try enjoying your favorite breakfast cereal with tap water or orange juice instead.
Some told of Esquimaux babies, all swaddled in furs, that are given a lump of whale blubber, instead of candy, and skewered on a stick, so that it will not swallow the tidbit, all at once, and choke.
The Oregon Coast Aquarium is home to hundreds of aquatic species... including two that arrived unexpectedly after a trip across the Pacific, trapped in the hull of a derelict fishing boat.
People noticed back in the 70s or so that maybe one or two moose were straggling back into the Adirondacks.
Worsening climate shocks in the Sahel in particular, have fueled drought and flooding, lowered crop yields and contributed to a general deterioration in public services for one of the world’s worst displacement crises.
The sedge-bird perches aside, on a sloping willow rod, and, slightly raising his head, chatters, turning his bill from side to side.
Talking about a fantasy isn't consent.
It's very warm.
I did the math.
We did the math.
He did the math.
She did the math.
Destroying archeological sites can be a form of cultural genocide.
I already know the answer to that; the answer is yes.
I already know the answer to that.
This is unremarkable.
It's true of the overwhelming majority of us.
Should I stay up or go to bed?
"Trans ideology" was made up by the right.
There's no context in which the term "trans ideology" has meaning other than right-wing rants.
Evidence of the Second Temple is actually overwhelming.
Christians think they're better Jews than Jews, and Muslims think they're better Christians than Christians.
If for no other reason, I like Islam because it gave Christians a taste of their own medicine.
Sitting straight up on a mossy log the chipmunk holds in his paws a bit of bread thrown from somebody's basket, nibbles at it for a while and then makes a dash for the thicket, carrying the bread in his mouth.
And every one that heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man which built his house upon the sand.
There, he studied permaculture—a form of agriculture that allows people to establish sustainable organic gardens and farms—with a view to helping schools in impoverished areas of Africa to grow their own food.
Scientists conducted a series of tests to see how horseflies, also known as tabanids, reacted to the light reflected by solid black, brown-grey and white horses, as well as the vertical stripes of a zebra.
Broadcasters from all corners of the globe have set up tents, tripods and generators along the closed off street near the entrance to the clinic.
The legislation aims to prevent partisanship in administering federal programs, to protect those employees from political coercion, and to ensure that their promotions stem from merit, not political favoritism.
There is hardly a branch of study on which he has not written something; for we have his orations, his poems, epistles, and dialogs.
He wore a plain white tunic and purple-trimmed cloak; the only sign of kingship was the golden chaplet on his head and the signet ring on one finger.
Thoreau coveted the plant's strong purple stalk for a cane, and the robins eat its dark crimson-juiced berries.
Now that the parade had passed, the visitors lost no time in leaving, and a dignified stampede toward the hotel occurred, for the gentlemen were thirsty and the ladies wished to smoke.
"Rebellion is my middle name." "Really?" "Yes; my full name is Thomas Rebellion Jackson."
"Jesus said the Temple would be destroyed." "He also allegedly said that one stone would not be left upon the other; this is clearly false, as several remnants of the Temple still stand today."
"People with pronouns are narcasstic." "You mean narcissistic." "You know what I mean." "You just used three pronouns."
You can't even spell that word, much less understand what it means.
Tom's incel rant didn't go over well.
What are you meowing about?
What are you barking about?
What are you barking at?
These aren't my opinions.
Debate me!
Tom is into body horror manga.
A motorcycle is the best way to get around here.
You're going to have to get used to the sound of car horns.
Tom is an internally-displaced trans refugee from Missouri living in Boston.
Are we a couple?
Are we a thing?
Where do we stand?
Can we clarify a few things?
Are we together?
Are we an item?
Releasing anger can be salutary.
A Byronic hero isn't a role model.
What are our options for dinner?
I fucking love it.
I'm fucking crying!
There isn't much around here.
Everybody knows everybody around here.
Is it true that "Tom Jackson" is a pseudonym?
Tom wrote that one under a pseudonym.
Tom has invented three languages.
Three of Tom's constructed languages have earned widespread popularity.
Tom created a fictional branch of the Germanic languages.
Tom invented a language.
You can smell the coming storm.
You're getting better at multitasking.
I really enjoy doing that.
Tom's birthday isn't for a few days.
Is there a problem, officer?
Tom's contributions are getting uncomfortably confessional.
The oddly assorted creatures, some humanoid in form, some frighteningly animalistic, formed a rough guard about Rocky and Bud.
Rome, not satisfied with defeating her rival in the two previous wars, took a convenient pretext to invade Carthage and destroy every vestige of the city.
I sat as if mesmerised while I received this staggering proposal, which the extraordinary personage beside me made in the matter-of-fact tone of one who is asking another to undertake the posting of a letter.
The U.S. government released a report in 2015 saying that one in six high school students used an e-cig within the last month.
A subordinating clause is a part of a sentence that adds additional information to the main clause.
No sooner was breakfast over, than the whole party, well muffled in furs and woollens, floundered forth into the midst of the snow.
“Some people like to say I am ‘confined’ to this chair. But they don’t know that I am so free, I actually have wings! Can you see them? Look!” he shouts, casting his anvil aside and flapping his arms manically.
Terrence's parents, Clarence and Sharon, wearing hairnets and bearing cornets, declared daringly that the bearings were bent.
She was only nine years old, inclined to plumpness and good humour, deprecated violence and had never been to sea.
Her experience as a cop is often reflected in her books of poetry and the anthologies she has edited.
In the United States alone, experts say more than $5 billion is spent every year to correct myopia with prescription eyeglasses, contact lenses or laser eye surgery.
I speak Hindi.
"There's a labor shortage!" "Well, the problem with capitalism is eventually you run out of other people's labor."
I didn't believe in love, but then I felt it.
In Yiddish, there aren't Jews who are Poles; there are Jews from Poland. A Pole is a Polyak, while a Polish Jew is a Poylisher Yid, or Poylisher for short.
Tom's Tesla caught fire.
Tom's Tesla crashed him into another car.
If you cared about freedom, you would leave trans people and our doctors alone.
You have forfeited the right to claim to care about freedom.
The Republicans, the so-called "party of freedom", are so terrified of the growing number of fascists in their ranks that they push extremely unpopular far-right laws imposing an Evangelical Christian moral code on the non-Evangelical majority.
The Republicans care about freedom like Augustus cared about the Republic.
The problem with capitalism is eventually you run out of other people's labor.
Every cat is unique.
Every cat is unique, but some are more unique than others.
Mizrahi Israelis tend to support the settlement enterprise because it has provided them opportunities they couldn't find in Israel proper.
Cis people have committed 163 mass shootings in the United States this year.
Considering how many more mass shootings cis people commit than trans people, it's worth asking whether there is something inherent to cisgenderism that promotes violent terrorism.
Cis ideology is a religion.
Cis ideology is a faith-based movement.
James was skeptical about cisgenderism.
James was an outspoken critic of cisgenderism.
Cis ideology includes cisnormativity and cissexism.
In its more extreme variants, cis ideology can include denial of the empirical reality of intersex and transgender people.
Cis ideology rejects medicine in favor of traditional wisdom.
Cis ideology is contrary to science.
Schools have no right to impose cis ideology on children.
It's sick and perverted that parents want to impose cis ideology on elementary school children.
I don't care that it pisses off the right; there's no way I'm drinking Bud Light.
He has given it to John.
"Why is it that I'm the only one around here who's willing to be honest?" "You're not; it's just that you perceive the world differently from other people."
When more than half of your national holidays are Catholic, you aren't really a secular country.
French activists use the portmanteau "catholaïcité" for the fake secularism displayed by the French state.
"His whole family perished in the Holocaust." "You mean they were murdered in the Holocaust." "Right."
I thought you said nothing was happening.
I thought you said nothing would happen.
I thought you said nothing was going to happen.
I think he said nothing happened.
I think he said nothing was happening.
Nothing is going to happen to you.
That won't happen to you on my watch.
No one's going to harm you on my watch.
The way people talked about Baby Boomers in the 1990s was markedly different from the way people talk about them in the 2020s.
Baby Boomers were blamed for the society they failed to adequately change, a preview of what's coming for Millennials and Gen Z.
Nonviolence only works when there are violent activists there to make the nonviolent ones seem like a reasonable compromise.
Emma Goldman opposed Zionism, but supported Jewish emigration to Palestine as a matter of life and death.
Ronald Reagan was extremely racist.
I don't care what the correct radical position is. I want to know what you intend to do about the many problems we are facing as a society, and why you think it will work.
That isn't the extent of it.
Thanks to environmental laws, white sharks are returning to the coastal waters of New England, but that area also attracts hordes of people who swim and windsurf.
Residents and visitors glide along the cycle lanes among well-kept apartment blocks, while kebab and baklava stores rub shoulders with the ubiquitous Danish bakeries.
"The potential for surprise in the cyber realm will increase in the next year and beyond as billions more digital devices are connected—with relatively little built-in security—and both nation states and malign actors become more emboldened and better equipped in the use of increasingly widespread cyber toolkits," the report said.
With great diffidence I venture to point out what I conceive to be reasons for failure, and also to offer some suggestions that, if adopted, will, I believe, greatly minimise, if not remove, certain evils.
Mexico's Zapatista rebels are staging a three-day public party in the southern Chiapas state to revive the cause of indigenous rights.
Professor Prusinkiewicz is on sabbatical leave in Australia, but he sent us an e-mail suggesting a simple way to understand the process.
This may be detected, according to G. Heppe, by slowly heating the oil in a dry test-tube with a small piece of copper butyrate to about 338° F., taking care that the temperature does not exceed 356° F.
While the noisy, polluting snowmobile has earned the wrath of many environmentalists, efforts are being made to transform the snowmobile into a more eco-friendly vehicle.
The road which was made under the superintendence of Captain (afterwards Colonel) Guthrie, of the Bengal Engineers between 1837 and 1844, at the joint expense of the British and Manipuri Governments, the former paying the larger share, was excellent for foot passengers and pack animals, but not wide enough and too steep for wheeled traffic on a large scale.
On the pavement below, a foot passer might squeeze by a costard monger’s cart, but two carts abreast could not pass.
Although he remained wealthy for most of his life, Jefferson was deeply in debt when he died, in part because income from farming was unreliable and also because Jefferson was a big spender who lived beyond his means.
He's with the Ecumenical Catholic Communion, an independent Catholic body that ordains women and allows priests to marry.
Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
There should be one - and preferably only one - obvious way to do it.
In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
Weigh out 15 grams of coffee beans.
Is MSG really bad for you?
Canadians love hockey.
What time was that?
What time did you say?
I hate this costume.
What are cis and trans isomers?
Cookie sniffed around Tom's mouth.
We've forgotten how to live in harmony with nature.
You seem to have more work than usual today.
Because of this, I think less of Tom.
Tom is close to fluent in French.
Don't pick up that bracelet; it's cursed.
It wasn't even true, though.
Tom's dog seems to be looking for him.
You guys are completely wrong.
Someone stole the teacher's guide.
I don't know the first thing about cooking.
Thanks for teaching me to parallel park.
We should take care of each other.
We need to take care of each other.
Tom has been fasting.
I wouldn't want to bother Tom and Mary.
Tom doesn't know a lot of languages.
I did it, but I didn't want to.
I'll sleep in my car.
Cats take catnaps.
It comes with the territory.
You would do well to obey Tom's commands.
You would do well to obey Mary's commands.
Virtual visitors can also view hundreds of photos and videos on the museum’s Facebook page, and there’s storytime for kids, and art classes for people of all ages.
Public displays of affection were, for the most part, taboo: couples didn’t touch too tenderly in public, and ideally they didn’t touch at all.
If adequate and well-controlled studies in pregnant women have failed to demonstrate a risk to the fetus in the first trimester of pregnancy (and there is no evidence of a risk in later trimesters), the labeling shall state: "Studies in pregnant women have not shown that (name of drug) increases the risk of fetal abnormalities if administered during the first (second, third, or all) trimester(s) of pregnancy."
Clarke was one of more than 200 students who hunted through rows and rows of tulle, satin, sequins and feathers for the perfect dress to wear to her prom, courtesy of TLC’s Say Yes to the Dress reality show franchise, Macy’s department store, clothing retailer Men’s Warehouse, and others.
"Where cryptography scrambles information so it cannot be understood, steganography attempts to camouflage information so the intended message is not observed," Johnson said.
Even if Smither can safely determine the mural is there, would da Vinci's "Battle of Anghiari" ever see light of day without damaging the Vasari fresco standing in front of it?
While the famous gold rush in the middle of the 1800s, in the western U.S. state of California, was over long ago, modern-day prospectors on a quest for gold are drawn to the waters in the eastern state of Virginia.
He has racked up over 2 million streams and over 128 thousand monthly listeners on Spotify alone with just a handful of releases thus far.
High air-castles are cunningly built of words, the words well-bedded in good logic mortar; wherein, however, no knowledge will come to lodge.
When any of them misbehaved,—which was very seldom,—that child was forbidden to visit the garden for one or two days, or a week, according to the nature of its offence.
Join the dark side.
I've been told Tom doesn't exist.
I've been told Mary doesn't exist.
Teaspoons? I thought you said tablespoons.
The evidence for gender-affirming care meets the highest standard that it can meet without breaking ethics guidelines.
Prashant got us the local price on ganja.
Tankies talk about Putin's war on Ukraine as if America started it.
My mother was one of thirteen.
My mother was one of thirteen children.
Transgenderism isn't an ideology, but a state of being.
An ass kicked Tom.
Tom's rolling a half-orc.
Fascists ban books.
This sentence isn't mine.
A demon is controlling Tom through a cursed sword.
Tom is the reincarnation of the hero of legend.
Do dragons like to snuggle?
Tom's magic dragon's name is Cookie.
Don't touch the thermostat.
Take it. See if I care.
This call may be recorded for quality assurance.
What's your earliest childhood memory?
The new blender we got is much quieter than the last one we had.
The taste is fine, but the texture is awful.
A blizzard of golfing magazines, golf equipment, golf clothing and jewelry, golf tournaments on TV—even a nationwide, twenty-four-hour golf channel on cable television—rode the golfing wave.
Hold on. I need to get my broker on the phone.
"What's that for?" "It's for collecting tree sap."
Talking to angry customers on the phone really saps his energy.
Tom got busted for slinging crack.
Let's go down to the creek.
There's a creek not too far from here.
Do you ever go fishing in that creek?
We were all swimming in the creek.
When it is remembered that these cases outnumber all others—that there are more species of parasites than there are species of all other animals put together—it will be seen that the expression "survivorship of the better" is wholly inappropriate, and the argument Mr. Martineau bases upon it quite untenable.
Economic experts warn that lockdowns could devastate the country’s economy, which is already inhibited by international sanctions.
The mob put a price on Tom's head.
Tom is on the run from the mob.
He says the country has to begin preparing for such an eventuality and to explain the issue to the public.
Employees of the bank hid from the active shooter in the vault.
Much to the thieves' surprise, the bank vault was completely empty.
Tom vaulted over the wall like it was nothing.
Putting his athletic skills to the test, Tom pole vaulted his way into the open second-story window.
That bank vault is impenetrable.
Tom has been throwing gutter balls all night.
We value your input.
Compliance with a robber's demands does not guarantee your safety.
Nearly one half of the north side of this street was occupied by the churchyard and church; the remaining portion, as well as the opposite side of the way, being composed of small low, two-story cottages with thatched roofs (and most of them having little projecting dormer-windows), a couple of public-houses, and a small grocery establishment.
As vaccination efforts ramp up in the United States, experts say efforts to deal with doubters need to increase along with them.
She hadn’t forgotten the fun she had playing on the beach in Florida, and while this beach was different—it didn’t have any of the pretty shells or funny little crawdads she had found on the Florida beach—still it had lovely white sand and dainty little waves and was quite the nicest place for play that Mary Jane had seen.
“The U.N. has assessed that by 2030 the global demand for water will outstrip supply by 40 percent,” he said.
My dear Mrs. Juno, Gregory is one of those terribly uxorious men who ought to have ten wives.
Decommissioning is expected to take 40 years and $15 billion, plus the unknown cost of disposing of the plant's radioactive waste.
Tom says the banks can't be trusted. He keeps all his money in cash stuffed in his mattress.
With money from the federal government, the city transformed the existing grassy areas between the sidewalk and street into a natural storm water drainage system, and landscaped them with native plants, flowers, and shrubs.
Betel nuts come from the areca palm.
A dragon appears!
You have defeated the dragon.
One of the biggest sleights of hand of the anti-trans movement has been to treat the existence of trans boys and men as itself a war on girlhood and womanhood.
Trans boys and men are referred to by the anti-trans lobby as confused girls victimized by a shadowy industry, denying their agency and ignoring their own views on the matter.
J.K. Rowling is just as hateful of trans men as she is of trans women, but this hate manifests as a fake concern.
J.K. Rowling devoted more of her transphobic manifesto to hating trans men than to hating trans women.
A lot of Rowling's biggest anti-trans controversies have involved her taking offense to language meant to include trans men and nonbinary people, language which has no effect on her whatsoever.
We investigated ourselves and found we did nothing wrong.
Florida is banning Gay Pride, yet the Republicans still insist they are the party of freedom.
I hate this dress.
For legal reasons, this is a joke.
Why is 420 the number of weed?
Why is the number 420 associated with marijuana?
Your thyroid-stimulating hormone was high again.
Esther's TSH was high again.
Tax religion.
Tax churches.
Tax places of worship and religious organizations.
Cookie kept rubbing his face on Tom's hand while he was trying to write.
As scientists get better at sifting through our past, more and more variations of human beings are turning up in archaeological digs.
My boss isn't a micromanager. He's a nanomanager.
The troupe is enthralling audiences around the country with their energetic performances.
At any rate the building cost the city six million kronor, more than a million and a half dollars, and is fitted out with a marvelous wealth of detail.
Grandmother and great-grandmother used to mark their sheets, pillowcases, and other household linens with tiny initials of cross-stitch.
Africa has seen a steady increase in the number of foreign adoptions over the last couple of years, and if predictions for 2004 pan out, Ethiopia could end up being one of the top-ten countries from which Americans adopt.
He's too good looking in an unassuming masculine way to dress so neatly—it makes him look like a mannequin.
Amongst the treasures of the royal palace which were sent to Samarqand were “many articles of rare Chinese workmanship, vessels inlaid with gold, saddles, brocades, and other objects of art.”
Nothing can satiate my hunger.
Tom wasn't satiated.
Unfortunately, you are no longer eligible for the prize.
Eligible community members are encouraged to submit their applications online.
They called the candidate's eligibility into question.
Tom takes supplements.
By his new conquest the Channel Isles were included in Normandy, and oddly enough it was thus they became attached to the English crown, for when the Norman dukes, as kings of England, lost all their other French possessions, they retained the islands.
These hazards, and the fact that the city was trashing roughly 180 million plastic bags a year, are what prompted San Francisco Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi to write a bill banning plastic carrier bags from all major chain supermarkets and pharmacies.
The curators tried to protect museum buildings from looting by bricking up entrances, but that didn’t help much.
I'm looking for an easy way to supplement my income.
How can I clear my browsing data?
How can I clear my search history?
Tom cleared his browsing history.
Did you clear your browsing history?
Try clearing your cache.
Tom is in a Beatles tribute band.
"Are you all right?" "Tickety-boo."
Unlike older generations, Millennials haven't grown more conservative over time.
My grandmother is a beautiful woman.
There are wolves and there are sheep.
I don't care, Tom.
Zero laws have been proposed to prevent straight people from taking their children to Hooters or to strip clubs.
It was always about control, never about children.
No one hates freedom more than the right.
No one hates children more than the right.
I'm a purple elephant with planets for eyes.
The medium is not the message.
My sentences and my opinions only sometimes overlap.
That was a valid sentence.
This is very stream-of-consciousness.
"My thoughts are very stream-of-consciousness." "Well, duh."
My stream of consciousness is more like a hurricane.
My stream of consciousness is more like a waterfall in a windstorm.
Darl Thomas ran headlong up the staircase that spiralled through the dim cavern.
It has seemed to me that while the full enjoyment of La Fontaine must always be reserved for those who can read him in French, it might be possible at least to convey something of his originality and blithe spirit through the medium of light verse.
The first scientific study to look at the role of cigarette smoke in the development of Alzheimer’s disease finds it may trigger or worsen the condition in older people who are at risk for this most common form of senile dementia.
After years of election postponements and stalled negotiations, the last week has seen two hopeful developments: first, the nation’s special electoral court cut three prominent and controversial figures from the ballot—the coup leader, who had reneged on a promise not to run; the wife of the president who was overthrown in that 2009 coup; and the man who served as president before that.
Decorated and respected New York City police detective Vincent LaMarca has come a long way since his troubled childhood in Long Beach, an oceanfront community not far from the city.
It may be primitive and not too pleasant, but fish like croakers and toadfish hum, grunt, and growl for the same reasons as other vertebrates: to attract mates and to threaten territorial invaders.
Overhead the soft wind from the west made a ceaseless, dreamy music and here and there the solemn silence of the forest was broken by the sweet note of some singing bird or the harsh croak of the raven.
Roscosmos cosmonaut and Expedition 66 Commander Anton Shkaplerov, upper right, works outside the Nauka multipurpose laboratory module during a spacewalk that lasted seven hours and 11 minutes, on Jan. 19, 2022.
He had of late been bombarded with dunning letters from tradesmen; for during his University life, and ever since, he had run into debt.
Up close, it is made up of individual sounds and instruments, but when you step back and listen to the composition, all these elements artfully come together.
Morgan said when he approached the vehicle, he was expecting to find an adult who needed medical attention, but instead he found "a very underaged driver behind the wheel."
Playing with computers is unhealthy.
"All right, what's the damage?" Tom said, pulling out his wallet.
For the love of all the bright Angels that rest in Heaven, have mercy upon me!
The man went to the door, and returned to announce that all was quiet.
Adoption by homophobes is child abuse.
Queer people make much better parents than homophobes and transphobes.
If public money goes into something, the rewards shouldn't solely be reaped by the private entities involved.
Elon has his fanboys trained to congratulate him even when his rocket blows up.
If you wouldn't support your kid if they came out as gay, you shouldn't adopt.
If you wouldn't support your kid if they came out as gay, you shouldn't have kids.
Unlike any other animal species, humans have the ability to recognize when our consumption habits are threatening the future of our species, and to modify our behavior accordingly.
This extension lets you automatically block Twitter Blue subscribers.
Religious leaders shouldn't be required to perform same-sex weddings.
Boycotts are a form of free expression.
It's your hit.
Whose hit is it?
Puff, puff, pass.
I didn't realize I was smoking a joint with the Tom Jackson.
Tom does blow.
Tom does coke.
Tom does snow.
We're dry right now.
We're on a tolerance break.
I'm on a tolerance break.
We don't do that stuff.
I don't do that stuff.
That winter, 60 to 80 people were sleeping in tents each night at the group’s encampment in an abandoned car lot.
When the students graduated with super hero masks and capes, Nadeem says she wore hers with pride.
One bug was found in the bathroom, another in the headboard of a bed.
British haulers will be allowed to transport freight by road into the EU for a nine-month period without having to apply for special third-country permits.
Fires continue to ravage the Western states of the U.S.—dozens of fires have destroyed half a million hectares of forest.
The COVID-19 global pandemic is impacting most people around the world, but it is having a disproportionately negative effect on migrants, their children and families according to a report by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Both Decadence and Aestheticism, as intellectual movements, have fallen into the nadir of oblivion, and the dust lies heavy upon them, but they left a little leaven to lighten the heavy inertness of correct and academic literature; and now Symbolism, a greater movement than either, is in the ascendant, giving another turn to the wheel, and to all who think deeply about such matters it seems as though Symbolist literature is to be the literature of the future.
In a presidential order read out on state television, Kiir announced the addition of ministries of Veterans Affairs; Trade, Industry and Investment; Labor; Tourism and Wildlife Conservation; Livestock and Fisheries; and Humanitarian Affairs and Disaster Management.
A recent Wall Street Journal article asserted that the demand for canned tuna has declined because millennials "don't even own can openers" in a world that favors "convenience."
It is very important for lenders to determine just how likely the borrower is to repay the loan and the interest and do it on time, in full, as agreed.
It's easy to become a cop, and then you can get away with murder.
One Australian Christian owns most of the media in the world.
Fox News is the most mainstream cable news source in America.
Are there really mealworms that eat styrofoam?
Tom Jackson is my favorite designer.
Tom Jackson designed this.
Tom Jackson is my favorite fashion designer.
Countless Jews died on crucifixes.
Are you choking?
A donkey killed Tom.
Things are slowly getting better, but we're quickly running out of time.
It may not come until Monday.
My lunch exploded in the microwave.
Tom's plan to win Mary back backfired big time. Now she hates him more than ever.
Indeed, if we are strictly logical on the point of the euphony of language, the Italian dialect, which we deem so soft and liquid, sounds quite harsh, I’m told, in comparison with the labial syllables that the Polynesian islanders use in the South Seas.
Tom is going to pop out to the shops to get some milk.
The study based on UCLA research found that obese children—those with a Body Mass Index (BMI) in the 95th percentile or above—are nearly two times more likely to have three or more physical or mental conditions than kids with a healthy weight.
Tom's a bit nutty.
Why don't you pop over to my place for a cup of tea tomorrow?
The first object that caught his attention was a large grimoire, or book of spells, which lay open on the philosopher's desk.
I found out it's not pomelos that I'm allergic to.
He described the party as corrupt and inept and pledged to lower the price of fuel once his opposition coalition takes over control of government.
Logic, in the Middle Ages, and down to the present day in teaching, meant no more than a scholastic collection of technical terms and rules of syllogistic inference.
I assure you this house with no other occupant but that sniveling woman is a miserable place.
To provide food for two out of what had been scrimping for one was a problem; but Miss Bennett ate very little, and she did not resume her tea so they managed to get along and not really suffer.
But Gregory exhorted them to persevere in their purpose, advised them to choose some interpreters from among the Franks, who still spoke the same language with the Saxons, and recommended them to the good offices of Queen Brunhilda, who had at this time usurped the sovereign power in France.
In the second Vase-room of the British Museum the painting on one of these vases represents two persons sitting on a couch, upon which is a cushion of rich material, while for the comfort of the sitters there is a footstool, probably of ivory.
Nevertheless, timber, with lath and plaster, and thatch for the roofs, constituted the chief materials in the dwellings of the English from an early period till near the close of the fourteenth century and beginning of the fifteenth, when bricks began to be used in the better sort of houses.
Were you a hyperactive kid?
Clinginess is an undesirable quality in a romantic partner.
Can you believe that they're giving these out for free?
When approaching the hot springs, we became aware of their nearness by the sulphurous smell that came wafting towards us.
After growing and multiplying, the flatworms leave the snail and re-enter the lake or stream.
About the eighth day, the pustule is fully formed, when symptoms of small-pox are usually felt,—headache, shivering, loss of appetite, etc.
As a precaution, Cameroon banned the import of chicks and hatching eggs from Europe.
The anthropologist and journalist and former Pakistani ambassador to Great Britain says such interfaith meetings need to take place not only at the level of heads of state but also among religious leaders at the community level.
She never leaves my side in the unceasing night and day, crusading against the Fascistic disease that is being stamped out, though painfully and with aching slowness, that has extended over six centuries.
It's a free online dictionary, which gives you definitions, thesaurus, spelling, pronunciation of words, etymology, and so forth.
For another whole week she lavished the tenderest care on him.
Cooked rice, macaroni, spaghetti, or vermicelli may be added to tomato bouillon to provide an additional quantity of nutrition and vary the plain soup.
We knew we were going to have a lower salary, but we would be rewarded to be with family in a place that satisfies us.
I guess there are some controversial sentences you do like.
Shoplifting is OK.
Shoplifting from large corporations is OK.
National officials quashed the deal, which had raised fears that the company intended to develop infrastructure that could be used for military purposes.
He says frugality was the mantra for an older generation, but that is changing.
The state auditor's office puts the money in the bank, and the valuables in two big safes in Little Rock.
He said they will address how to respond to such disinformation, adding that an open and transparent press is the best bulwark against false information and propaganda.
“Now ef ye alls don’t quit fussin’, I’ll set the boogers arter ye ter-night,” which was a dire and telling threat, for, to the mountain children, “boogers” meant ghosts, witches, hobgoblins, thieves, or any other terrible, mysterious creature of the night.
I’ve seen men get plumb drunk on mountain air.
Sometimes this closeness is distracting and they might start "goofing off" towards the end of their study sessions.
Energy-generating exercise equipment is cropping up across the country in gyms, college athletic centers and community rec rooms.
Before the French arrived and we switched to the metric system, builders used their turbans to measure the houses.
Ships loaded with raw materials go to other nations for the complex process of refining or smelting.
I didn't find the film very entertaining.
The movie wasn't incredible or anything, but it was entertaining.
Do you really think those kinds of videos are entertaining?
I left the movie theater entertained.
Despite being down to 10 men, the team managed to hold on for a draw thanks to some expert shithousery, including numerous stoppages for alleged injuries.
Vinyl records are covered in grooves.
The needle of the record player needs to fall into the groove of the vinyl record.
Tom was grooving along to the music.
A few years back it was struck by lightning, which has left a deep groove on its trunk.
Care to embark on the journey of a lifetime with me?
That cop is on a power trip.
The constant noise from the construction site exacerbated Tom's headache and exasperated his already-frayed nerves.
Several other herbs also showed strong antioxidant activity. They include bay and dill. However, their strength was about one-half to one-third as strong as that of the three kinds of oregano. Generally, the herbs used as medicines were low in antioxidant activity. The scientists say this suggests that any health effects from such herbs resulted mostly from other actions in the body.
The whole school is here seen in epitome: the “stoker” typifies the student toiling at the forge, and in the polished engine, exhibiting both grace and power in its automatic action, we see the student’s graduating project, a machine, the joint creation of brain, eye, and hand.
His tight blue frock-coat and his grey trousers were models for the most fastidious dandies; his kindness and gentleness to everyone except professional politicians was extreme; he quoted Horace freely and had a complete knowledge of political history with a prodigious memory.
They say a good half of the men who have been in orbit have chucked up or gotten dizzy or something.
The United States and Uzbekistan have completed a series of senior-level meetings in Washington with a pledge to build a "qualitatively new" long-term relationship.
Cookie wouldn't let Tom have the ball.
Two countries with the world’s oldest populations, Japan and Germany, are training geriatric nurses in Vietnam to help fill critical health care gaps at home.
Soeder told Ethiopian media the agreement would bring Bavarian expertise in football to the sports-hungry nation of Ethiopia.
The team reported that the genetically engineered basmati rice was able to survive in salty soil, at low temperatures and during dry periods.
I am currently holding down a professorship at a small, privately endowed Tech college, have some mentionable background in both nuclear physics and biochemistry, possess a choice collection of rather good jazz records, have a particular fondness for barbecued spareribs—and, of late, have become an inventor.
It was time to call a halt on this bandying of words about Mary Everton and her motives.
The elephants crossed the river together.
Elephants are extremely intelligent.
Asian and African elephants are as far removed from each other as humans and chimpanzees.
I want to be friends with an elephant.
Elephants use tools.
Two irreconcilable parts of the left are the one that wants Russia, too, to be able to invade countries based on the Monroe Doctrine and the one that doesn't want any country to.
The site is completely open to additions and corrections, twenty-four hours a day, but that means it's wide open to ideologues and vandals who deliberately post false information, unfounded accusations, and smut.
That feeling is caused by the capsaicin molecules in the peppers activating the capsaicin receptors on our tongue—the more capsaicin, the hotter the pepper.
As a child, I objected strongly to Nurse Wilks: and now, grown to riper years, the thought of meeting her again gives me the heeby-jeebies.
The subject for the evening was "Black Cats and Four Leaf Clovers: Stories about Good and Bad Luck".
The real-life Five Families were involved in drug trafficking from day one.
Uruguay goalkeeper Fernando Muslera stopped a swerving shot by Bastian Schweinsteiger, but Mueller was there to collect the rebound and knock the ball home.
The Godfather lacks three-dimensional female characters.
The electrolyte solution in a lithium-ion battery is designed to produce a flow of electrical charges between the cathode and anode.
Trees were scarce in these cold, dry regions, so instead of using wood, these hardy humans made campfires by burning the bones of the big animals they hunted.
In Sandton Square, a shopping space dominated by a huge statue of Nelson Mandela, an oinking, tail-wagging pig and a wide-eyed plastic soldier beating a drum compete for children’s attention as they race into a toy store in Johannesburg.
Plus, Kenya ramps up efforts to control the twin challenges of COVID-19 and malaria.
The area will have a population of about 70 million and the economic heft, state media argues, to drive the Chinese economy, let alone the world.
We need to call a wildlife rehabilitator.
Esther is a wildlife rehabilitator.
For security and privacy reasons, I don't have Facebook on my phone.
At least Tom can hold down a job.
We won't keep making the same mistakes.
We keep finding brand new mistakes to make.
Why does there need to be a point to learning constructed languages?
It's not a pejorative.
Puppies are adorable.
Baby animals are adorable.
We can't wait until night.
Aren't you Tom Jackson?
Do black holes lead anywhere?
Why is Tom coming with you?
There aren't many languages like that.
We don't have a rabbit.
I mostly write formal verse.
Let's order food.
I didn't wake up very early this morning.
Just put it wherever.
People are capable of reason.
Tom Jackson won't be speaking at the conference.
Uranus is a strange planet.
Tom was their interpreter.
Wasn't Tom your interpreter?
There's no need to change the wording.
I'm getting arthritis.
Steal from national and international chain stores.
String theory is a hoax.
String theory has been wildly overhyped by its researchers.
Tom thought string theory was a fact of reality.
String theory isn't testable.
String theory is not even wrong.
The disputants know instinctively that an outsider can see the difficulty better than an insider.
A new personal home robot follows you around your home, navigating past obstacles, so you can multitask while staying connected.
This large mustard family mostly has fruits known as a silique or silicle, which are pods that split into two valves; and yellow or white, rarely pinkish flowers.
It is, therefore, almost exclusively seen in hysterics, neurotics and other types of psychopaths, in the frankly insane, and in grave delinquents.
"Bridges right now last maybe 25-35 years before we have to replace their decks or superstructures," he notes.
This custom dispenses with that rigorous constraint and reservedness which are practised by the women of other countries, and they go whithersoever they please, either alone or in company.
Mr. Bolanos is the third president to assume office since that time and the economy continues to be the main concern of most Nicaraguans.
More universality or extensiveness is, then, one mark which the philosopher's conceptions must possess.
They also theorized that the megalithic stones may have been transported 290 kilometers overland from the quarries in Wales to the prehistoric monument.
In France, truffle hunters historically relied on the keen noses of pigs, while Italy is home to a special breed of truffle dog.
The runup to Saturday's vote saw both the prime minister and the leader of the Congress Party swing through the state in a high-decibel campaign.
Robertson said, since the land on those few large farms has been parceled out into tens of thousands of tobacco farms, the average grower farms about two hectares.
An American company began offering brown-toned slippers last year, and last month, Britain's oldest ballet apparel supplier began offering shoes made to better match the skin color of nonwhite dancers.
Earlier this month, a prestigious medical journal disavowed an article it published more than a decade ago linking autism in children to a common childhood vaccine.
There's nothing wrong with getting older.
You're only old once.
There came frequently too a troop of migrating Rats, who gave descriptions of their travels, while Magpies and Ravens told legends and tales of marvel that made one shudder.
Torres promised to reactivate the economy, tackle the country's security situation, advocate for those at risk and run an efficient government.
The climate is equable and most delightful; though the temperature is exceptionally high, it is, in fact, perpetual summer, varied only by the rains of the monsoon months of May and June, October and November.
Prostate cancer is treated by surgery to remove the prostate or by intensive radiotherapy that targets the tumor.
The conflagration, abetted by fuel that residents stored in their domiciles, razed tin-roofed shacks.
Unlike with nurses, paying hospital administrators more does not translate into any better outcomes for patients.
In 1814, Thomas Spalding made on Sapelo Island, in lat. 31 1⁄2, as much as 95 hogsheads of excellent sugar, equal to Jamaica, from Canes he had planted there.
We give everything we don't understand a personality and call it God.
Freud just did coke and made shit up.
And while some fads are harmless and fun to adopt, others can be costly and even dangerous when they come as the next hot novelty in management, education, science or medicine.
Their father was a composer, and vodun percussionist, and their mother was a traditional singer.
The truth is, that from the earliest period of heraldic institutions, colours have been used to symbolise parties.
Musicologist, cantor and entertainer Ramon Tasat, who grew up in an Argentine Sephardic family, nowadays introduces rapt American audiences to the haunting Ladino songs of his childhood.
They retained the "u" in the name, which most others, like the captain's descendants, laid aside; as Bonaparte did during his triumphant campaign in Italy, in order to un-Italianise and Frenchify his patronymic Buonaparte.
Applications downloaded from Apple’s iTunes or Google’s Play Store are generally fairly secure, but downloading from other services can be an iffy proposition.
It should have been easy for the author to perceive that this sentence was not well constructed; and what can be worse in a book on grammar than an ungrammatical sentence?
In 1987, the United States established diplomatic relations with Mongolia, best known as the birthplace of the Mongol emperor Genghis Khan.
Her bearing was grave and modest, and her attire scrupulously plain; but there are cases in which sovereign beauty will assert herself, and Ethel Gray, the newly appointed school-mistress, was more than pretty.
Until now, little research had been done into how eutrophication might affect waterborne parasites, which cause health problems ranging from skin rashes to river blindness.
While billionaires fund both sides of the U.S. political divide, they pay Republicans to be more extreme and Democrats to be more moderate.
Both U.S. political parties are paid by billionaires to move to the right.
Officials from Sotheby's in Geneva said Wednesday's sale included a white diamond ring weighing 51.85 carats, a 1960s French diamond necklace and diamond pendant earclips.
At an event Thursday in Tesla's design studio in Los Angeles, Musk unveiled a new battery swapping system that automatically replaces a discharged battery with a fully charged one in about the same time it takes to fill up a 50-liter gas tank, and for about the same price.
For several years now, Wang has been expanding on his earlier efforts, sponsoring a carpool campaign during the Chinese New Year to help link up drivers and commuters, taking advantage of social media networks and the Internet.
He went with nothing but his lyre, and his music was so sweet that Cerberus stood listening, and let him pass, and all the torments of the Danaids, Sisyphus and all the rest, ceased while he was playing.
These poems might nearly all have been written by one man, were it possible for one man to vary from absolute platitude to something like genius, so homogeneous is their tone: everywhere do we meet the same simplicity of diction struggling with the same complication and subtlety of thought, the same abstract speculation strangely mingled with most individual and personal pathos.
"I critically and soberly understand the signal that society gave today to the acting authorities," he said.
Off the field, virtually any degree of spontaneity has been outlawed, as athletes and staff must submit a detailed daily activity plan, including visits only to approved destinations.
Tom put a dollar in the swear jar.
Other European countries have already introduced laws making vaccinations compulsory, including Italy which two years ago passed a law making 10 vaccines obligatory for children who enrolled in Italian schools, including chickenpox and measles.
My love is like a spring among the hills whose brimming waters may not be confined, but pour one torrent through the ways that wind down to a garden; there the rose distills its nectar; there a tall, white lily fills night with anointing of two lovers, blind, dumb, deaf, of body, spirit, and of mind from breathless blending of far-sundered wills.
But still the effects, whether produced by successive or by simultaneous action, do, wholly or in part, cancel one another: what the one force does, the other, partly or altogether, undoes.
There are labours which no salary can remunerate, services which no fees can requite.
Cybersecurity experts say infiltrators are persistent, clever and part of an industrial-scale hacking economy.
American neocolonial Christian groups push extreme anti-gay policies in Africa.
The U.S. Supreme Court has delegitimized itself.
A number of squatters were living in the condemned building.
Local residents believe the condemned buildings attract crime.
Sorry, force of habit.
The tickets I bought from that scalper turned out to be fake.
Scalpers outside the stadium were offering tickets at a hefty markup.
While in Paris, she enrolled in Le Cordon Bleu culinary school where she learned the traditional art of chocolate and pastry making.
He says the accusation was just a pretense to grab his land, and he thinks the communal violence has everything to do with his ethnicity.
U.S. and European space agency scientists have published details of the massive dunes on the surface of Saturn’s largest moon, Titan, that provide new insights about environmental conditions on the mysterious planet.
It was tender on the outside and gave the promise of food, but its inside was hard and stringy, and, like the berries, it had no food value.
Jaffa’s experiments and observations on the fruitarians and nutarians of California “showed in every case (two women and three children) that though the diet had a low protein and energy value, the subjects were apparently in excellent health and had been so during the five to eight years they had been living in this manner.”
Young men used pitchforks to stir cauldrons of rice, garlic and lamb, while others carried plates of steaming food to families gathered around plastic tablecloths stretched along the ground.
Some of the castles are in ruins and are almost hidden by the overgrowing ivy.
In Greece the Pleiades were the ghosts of the seven daughters of Atlas and Pleione, and in Australia they were and are a queen and six handmaidens.
Hegelianism was the early inspiration of the youthful Marx, and it is natural that everyone should link up the new ideas with the old as a development, an amendment, an antithesis.
Yowzie is danced to jazz, with funny interactions between couples, and slapstick moves inspired by Tharp’s beloved silent film comedies.
Hospital workers tried to admit her after swabbing her for the test, but she insisted on self-quarantining herself at home.
Cops kill a lot of dogs.
Homophobes know their hatred of gay people is baseless, so they make up stories of grooming and pedophilia to lend it a false justification.
If homophobes and transphobes were right, they wouldn't need to lie constantly.
Tom's got bad gas.
What's a parsec?
How long is a parsec?
Laziness is the mother of all invention.
Necessity is the mother of all invention.
He said a centerpiece of the U.N.’s Global Plan for reducing traffic accidents and saving lives is to get people out of their cars and have them shift to safer, healthier modes of transportation.
It just about sufficed to buy food for his family—parents, wife and two sons.
However, dams have subverted the ecosystem, bringing drought in monsoon season and high water when it should be dry.
Entitled "The Next Four Billion," the report finds that the world's poor people comprise a relatively untapped $5 trillion consumer market.
On the other hand, nothing more quickly disarms this feeling of antagonism than evidence of delicacy on your part.
And underneath his sawhorse there was a little pile of sawdust.
Greetings and salutations!
Summer's warmth and humidity seem to tamp down, but not eliminate, the risk of infection.
Parades of cars started honking their horns as they drove around the city while hundreds of people danced in Istanbul’s main thoroughfare.
These stones are sometimes sold for jacinths, but they are softer than the jacinth, and melt easily before the blow-pipe.
There are three principal tests by which we determine the age of a given set of strata; first, superposition; secondly, mineral character; and, thirdly, organic remains.
The problem with capitalism is that you eventually run out of other people's labor.
The community is quite closed off and is known to shun outsiders.
Tom was shunned as a form of punishment.
I stood the table upright.
I've never eaten seaweed.
Have you ever eaten seaweed?
Is seaweed good for you?
I always grill using charcoal.
Ideologically-motivated Arab states ethnically cleansed their Jewish populations in the 20th century through a combination of direct revocation of citizenship and creating unlivable conditions for Jews. Had they not done this—and had this not recently continued in Yemen under the Houthis—Israel would have a much harder time justifying itself.
Tom was trapped under a large pile of debris.
Many Arab states also confiscated the property of the Jews they ethnically cleansed.
Laziness is the mother of invention.
Tom broke both his shins.
If the Arab world hated Israel because it was Zionist and not because it was Jewish, there would still be a large number of Jews in the Arab world. Their behavior towards even non-Zionist Jews in their countries contradicts the claim that Jews and Arabs would live in peace and harmony if not for Zionism.
"Woke" is either a Black American term for being aware of systemic racism, or a name the right gives to everything it doesn't like.
The claim that trans people are "erasing lesbians" is a fabrication by straight right-wing people. In reality, 96% of lesbians are supportive of trans people.
Some say Mitch McConnell delegitimized the U.S. Supreme Court, but it was actually always illegitimate.
Tom was raised by wolves.
The word "literally" is an auto-antonym.
If I wanted to read a commentary on Capital, I would read one by someone who was more critical of the Soviet Union than Michael Parenti.
Tom is John's evil twin.
The weather was favorable, and the view, in Richter's opinion, far surpassed the much-vaunted panorama from the Krimmler Tauern.
The army at Henry’s disposal was probably the largest, certainly the best equipped, that any English king had ever mustered, and its numbers may be roughly estimated at some 10,000 men.
They meet at the well, spend half an hour or so chatting and talking together, and then saunter home again in groups through the darkness, carrying their pails, just as I saw them on this particular evening.
There is no way of knowing the irrevocable damage such an approach would have on our economy and financial markets.
Here in Virginia you know how impossible it is to get anything like an effective statute for the suppression of dueling, simply because the ultimate public sentiment practically approves of personal warfare.
In about an hour the boat touched a sandy beach, surrounded with magnificent chestnut trees, amongst which the stream still ran, but so shallow and rocky as to be unnavigable.
Researchers at Columbia and Harvard Universities are working on a unique new way to treat atherosclerosis, a hardening of the arteries that can lead to heart attack or stroke.
The four pacts include simplification of visa and customs rules to boost trade and reduce tariff barriers.
The effects may be less dramatic in the short term than the destruction that could be wrought by nuclear explosions, but over the next three to four decades, climate change could cause irremediable harm to the habitats upon which human societies depend for survival.
Of course, there are those who lead sedentary lives who get too much absorbed in the pleasures of the table and overfeed.
A U.S.-Russian space crew blasted off for the International Space Station (ISS) Thursday from Russia's Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
He added that small impact craters have been removed with time and larger craters show signs of erosion by water more than 3.7 billion years ago, and sedimentary layering is seen on valley walls.
Jordan Neely was murdered.
It's not OK to kill someone just because they're homeless and mentally ill. I can't believe I have to say this.
Jordan Neely was a homeless, mentally ill Black man who was murdered by a white psychopath.
Women are more likely than men to support trans rights and trans inclusion.
The overwhelming majority of lesbians support trans people; the movement to claim otherwise is an actual lesbian erasure movement.
In a survey, 74% of people who said they were not supportive of trans people admitted to not knowing any trans people personally.
Tom believes that the rapture is going to happen any day now.
According to Tom's calculations, the rapture is set to occur in exactly three years.
Tom's not a bad guy. He's just a little misguided.
Media has tried to protect the name of Jordan Neely's psychopathic murderer, Daniel Penny.
Humans are capable of things that everyone thinks we aren't. Just look at Hebrew, which was the first dead language to be revived.
Humanity has limitless potential.
The evidence-based approach to gender-affirming care is to make it more available.
According to The Black Book of Capitalism, capitalism killed at least 100 million people in the 20th century.
If you can kill anyone with a criminal record who is acting erratically, that bodes poorly for Michael Flynn.
I hope that ends up happening.
A presidential pardon in the United States does not imply innocence, and may imply guilt according to Burdick v. United States (1915).
There have been a lot of mass killings under capitalist regimes.
Tom has a sensitive side.
Tom has been showing more of his sensitive side lately.
Tom Jackson is the oldest person ever to move to Mars.
My parents used to watch that show.
Is string theory testable?
As presented to the earth the track of a planet is an elaborate epicycle; but Copernicus bade us transfer ourselves to the sun and look again.
NCCAM Director Dr. Josephine Briggs says the new survey provides the most current, comprehensive and reliable source of information on Americans' use of unconventional remedies such as medicinal herbs, acupuncture, yoga, meditation, massage and chiropractic or osteopathic manipulation.
There are cases on record where rapidly growing sarcomatous and angiomatous tumours, aneurysms, and the bruises that occur in hæmophylics, have been mistaken for acute abscesses and incised, with disastrous results.
They want to determine whether there were any unreported malfunctions and whether or not all test objectives were met.
This element, considered to be radioactive and classified as a metal, is artificially produced by bombarding atoms of americium-243—an isotope of the element Americium (Am)—with ions of a rare isotope calcium-48 using a device called a cyclotron.
Of late, this portentous mansion has begun to give signs of dilapidation and decay.
Madagascar is famous for its flora and fauna, as well as its inclement weather.
In other words, the risk of losing a home to hurricanes, floods, et cetera, is four times greater today.
Voters went to the polls in the southern state of Louisiana Saturday to decide whether their next governor should be the son of immigrants from India or a woman of French/Acadian heritage.
Hotter weather means thirstier crops, according to agriculture economist Claudia Ringler at the International Food Policy Research Institute.
I have, therefore, no further apology to make for presenting you with the work (my object being the advancement of truth), and I earnestly submit for your best consideration its subject matter rather than its literary merits or demerits.
They're using that to spy on me.
It is extremely important to stay on your medication.
Tom saw that coming.
Tom saw it coming.
Tom saw this coming.
Tom saw the writing on the wall.
This may just be what we were looking for.
An effective, integrated response requires incident management planning, enhanced interoperability, and coordination, based on and supported by rapid and effective decision-making.
When the U.S. Census Bureau makes racial distinctions, it says they are a reflection of the country's prevailing social attitudes, rather than an attempt to define race "biologically, anthropologically, or genetically."
I have a beautiful puppy.
The cranes land in the shallows of a small pond where they will roost tonight, and cool off.
Mr. Obama hopes to point the way forward for the nation's economic recovery, frame the political debate with opposition Republicans and make a strong case to Americans to reelect him this year.
He reacted like a cornered animal.
He attempted his door; it was locked on the outside; and his perplexity and anxiety became extreme, when suddenly the lock was turned, and in an underdress, hastily assumed in the moment of alarm, her hair streaming on her shoulders, her eyes gleaming betwixt fear and resolution, Alice Bridgenorth rushed into his apartment, and seized his hand with the fervent exclamation, “Julian, save my father!”
The website Tech Junkie reports that originally it was teens who used the app for sexting, but now people of all ages use it.
He was barefooted, and his clothes were thin and raggy.
Other nitrogenous residues are contained in the urine of animals, and several other excretory products may be formed.
Pasteurization does not kill all organisms, but reduces their number.
Although anciently and irregularly built, this market-town is much resorted to by the neighbouring gentry, not less for the beauty of its position, than for the famed salubrity of its air.
When I talk about secularism, I'm talking about a world where everyone can have something in common regardless of religion or lack thereof. When the French and Quebecois talk about "laïcité", they're talking about suppression of religion (chiefly non-Catholic), which is not secularism.
No family is perfect.
My life has changed for the better.
I haven't smoked in several years.
"I heard you two were a thing." "We're not official yet."
So, when's the wedding?
Free speech is not freedom from social consequences.
I'm studying cartography for the fantasy book I'm working on.
How do they make it so frothy?
I thought she was a clod at first, but we're happy on our farm now.
Mary used to work as a governess for a wealthy family.
They convinced Tom to stay by offering gargantuan incentives.
Tom gave a nod of approbation.
Tom nodded in approbation.
You're delightful.
Don't piss on my leg and tell me it's raining.
Cartography is another word for mapmaking.
There is a gargantuan spider in the bathroom.
These gargantuan beasts are also among the most intelligent.
The area was cordoned off with yellow tape.
She says trucks are unable to traverse the treacherously narrow roads.
The social media giant announced in a blog post that it was once again tweaking its algorithm that will reduce so-called clickbait from appearing prominently in the News Feed.
It has often been said that clothes make the man, but this also holds true in the animal kingdom, where larger antlers or brighter plumage can increase a male's chance of attracting mates.
A busker plays to lunchtime shoppers outside a Thai restaurant.
That would be a sharp markdown from the 2.2 percent growth the IMF forecast last month.
The attack on the hotel, once again, shows the depravity of terrorists who seek to sow chaos.
An actor and her fashion designer husband have been sentenced to two and five months, respectively, in prison after pleading guilty of bribing their daughters’ way into prestigious schools.
Tsanga Etoga Emile welds pieces of rejected household metal to produce window protectors in Etoudi, a neighborhood in Cameroon's capital, Yaounde.
As an equation it presents nothing antinomic; it is absolute and immutable like every law, and, like every law, very intelligible.
Chinese New Year in New York is about more than fireworks, dragon parades and red good luck bunting: there's also the erhu, the pipa and other traditional Chinese instruments that remain unfamiliar to many Americans.
A lot of what passes for "secularism" involves declaring Christian things secular and everything else religious.
The problem with Western secularism is it's too Christian.
Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.
Anti-abortion laws kill women.
When Judgment Day comes, you're going to have to answer for what you did.
Tom was in a cult.
Tom is an ex-cult member.
Tom's becoming a cult leader.
Tom used to be in a cult.
We're such dorks.
Mary thought that she was going to be able to do that.
This is getting too pomo for my taste.
I ended up in the pomo conversation from hell.
This isn't pomo enough for my taste.
I think we're slowly becoming more comfortable with sincerity again.
It would be wearisome to enumerate the jurists who have subscribed to this theory in one shape or another.
My efforts seemed ineffectual.
I yet lingered half-an-hour longer, hoping to see some sign of amity: but she gave none.
I wandered, on a moonlight night, through the grass-grown enclosure within: here I stumbled over a marble hearth, and there over a fallen fragment of cornice.
A quiet wedding we had: he and I, the parson and clerk, were alone present.
The dinner was served in two huge tin-plated vessels, whence rose a strong steam redolent of rancid fat.
There's no such thing as a king.
The sign says "No Esperanto."
The sign says, "Multilingual Chat Club. No Esperanto."
Our cat went nuts when we played the cat simulation game.
Cookie went apeshit.
Nothing is more pomo than chan culture.
Kings are fake.
Royalty is one of the world's biggest grifts.
Oli London paid a lot of money to look like that.
Oli London is a completely empty, soulless grifter.
Spanish-speaking isn't a race.
Tom went to bed right after drinking an energy drink.
She stayed out all day.
The people who are made most unsafe on the subway are the ones who are choked to death for being mentally ill.
Some of Britain's Anglican churches have always resembled Catholic ones, with high masses full of pomp and ceremony.
Such a reply can only be given by a sociology which has arrived at scientific conclusions on the life-history of different types of society, and has risen above the empirical and merely interrogative point of view which, for want of a better, I have adopted in this address.
I stayed with K.C. at his frat house the first day, and he took me out on a walk to see the campus.
As Chinese around the world grieved for the victims of the quake, official news reports indicated that the casualties may now include relief workers.
Some of the increase in the number of children being home-schooled has been a result of curriculum cutbacks at tax-payer funded public schools.
Kenner’s Merchants of Doubt is a smart and entertaining film that throws light on global warming and attempts to simplify and sensationalize the global warming acrimony.
The translucent and shining waters of the calm sea covered fragments of old Roman villas, which were interlaced by sea-weed, and received diamond tints from the chequering of the sun-beams; the blue and pellucid element was such as Galatea might have skimmed in her car of mother of pearl; or Cleopatra, more fitly than the Nile, have chosen as the path of her magic ship.
And as concerns my Herdegen, I must confess that when he had well drunk his spirits were higher, his mind clearer, and his song more glad; and this is not so save in those dragon-slayers who have been blessed with a fine temper and a strong brain inherited from their parents.
In America’s ideal of freedom, the exercise of rights is ennobled by service, and mercy, and a heart for the weak.
She was very pleased with the warm and whole-hearted welcome by the local people and the support shown to her.
It is often possible, at slight expense, to obtain the clay already sieved and mixed from a pottery, and this is, of course, an advantage.
An exhibition in Turkey's southeastern city of Diyarbakir gives viewers an in-depth look at local periodicals and other publications that are more than a century old.
Scholars believe that Judaism evolved out of Canaanite paganism.
Capitalism hasn't been around for very long.
Tom grew up in a tradcath cult.
Tom grew up in a cult.
How many primordial black holes are there in the universe?
Capitalism ruined the Internet.
The old crone "nichered" a laugh under her bonnet and bandage; she then drew out a short black pipe, and lighting it began to smoke.
He expected me to do a great deal; and when I fulfilled his expectations, he, in his own way, fully testified his approbation.
I'm not going to download your app.
Whenever Tom travels, he likes to bring back some bits and bobs for his friends and family, like local snacks or small souvenirs.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the zoo.
In examining a large number of minerals for helium, Strutt found that some samples of beryl, a beryllium aluminium silicate, contain a relatively very large amount of helium, but only traces of thorium, and were altogether inactive.
However, to progress comfortably through the country, French is essential, and Arabo-Berber is a great help and inspires confidence among the people.
Before proceeding to sea, the crew will batten down the hatches in order to prevent flooding below decks that might cause the ship to founder.
I got a new high score.
For to him it was intolerable to think in a hurry, to jump to slapdash decisions, to act on instincts that could not be explained.
Artists from around the world have created fanciful, strange, beautiful and huge sculptures at a beach on Denmark's West coast.
The band played a mix of covers and original songs.
Insurers say public apathy about life insurance is the result of low incomes, the poor management of insurance companies and cultural preferences.
Did you complete your homework?
Did you have any questions about the homework?
I do not wish to recall this bad time nor the worse that ante-dated my departure, when I was at the mercy of venal doctors and indifferent nurses, dependent on grudged bad service and overpaid inattention, taking a so-called rest cure.
But the Raven, sitting lonely on that placid bust, spoke only that one word, as if its soul in that one word he did outpour.
The Russian invasion of Ukraine started years before Ukraine attempted to join NATO.
I always keep some Narcan around just in case.
I always keep some Narcan around just in case someone ODs nearby.
By default, the server logs which URLs were accessed, the associated error code and the time it took for the server to respond.
Make sure that the following parameters are set according to your environment.
Read the example config file. All the supported configuration options are documented there.
I bet ten quid that Liverpool would beat Manchester United in the derby match.
"You're not a dude, are you?" "Are you trying to figure out whether you're a sinner?"
"You're not a dude, are you?" "I've got pepper spray."
"You're not a dude, are you?" "I told you to leave me alone."
Bangladesh is a country with a rich history and culture.
The people of Bangladesh are friendly and welcoming.
Bangladesh is a country with a lot to offer visitors.
Bangladesh is a developing country with a low per capita income.
The main exports of Bangladesh are textiles, garments, and leather goods.
The economy of Bangladesh is based on agriculture, manufacturing, and services.
Bangladesh is a secular country with a Muslim majority.
Bangladesh is a diverse country with a rich culture and history.
Matt Dillon stars as Jimmy Cremmins, a swindler who arrives in Phnom Penh on the run, one step ahead of the law.
It took some convincing to get Tom to come to the party.
Firing volleys into the air from Kalashnikov rifles and heavy weapons outside a government facility, a mob of angry soldiers trapped the nation's defense minister and other officials inside the building until late Saturday evening.
“Stop it, you mutts!” he bellowed, and the six Pekingese, who had been barking steadily since my arrival, stopped in mid-yap, and were still.
The Ionic order of the Erechtheion is the one which is best known and has been most frequently copied and adapted in modern work.
The hyacinths' stubborn growth hampers shipping, reduces fish catches, blocks streams and invades houses.
Once arrived in Canada, the settler soon found that he had no primrose path before him.
He says there is a differentiated African view of the situation in Zimbabwe, just as Africans and Westerners comprehend reality differently.
Ludwig van Beethoven was born on December 16, 1770, at Bonn, then one of the most important cities on the lower Rhine.
Down the street, at the High Point Museum, they can watch as skilled carpenters, upholsterers, and other craftspeople show how some of the nation’s finest furniture is assembled—from the cutting of trees to the making of frames, to the gluing and application of veneers and stains and polishes.
In the world outside, skeletal chickens cackle and scrabble in the dirt; dogs bake in mute agony under the vicious sun; green hills tumble silently into the foaming sapphire sea.
Morocco is one of the few Arab countries to retain a substantial Jewish population after the 20th century.
Maybe broccoli doesn't like you either.
Like Twitter and Newsweek, CNN was bought by fascists.
Cryptocurrency is how the most powerful people in the world convince rubes to help them launder money.
The first diaspora to be called one was the Jewish one.
Tom is Mary's drag king name.
English-speaking siblings don't usually address each other as "brother" and "sister," but instead by their names.
Pushing dogs in strollers deprives them of exercise.
With his scruff and his leather jacket, Tom looked like a rebel without a cause.
Tom's scruff gives him a rugged look that's perfect for the outdoorsy lifestyle he loves.
We should plant aplenty of cherry and small fruit trees to yield feed for birds.
Serpentine is a greenish rock, a silicate of magnesia, in which there is sometimes from 30 to 40 per cent of magnesia.
He may be doing nothing worse than taking a whiff and an eyeful of the naughty world, getting something to talk about to the other fellows when he comes home.
On a cold December morning in the year 1612, a young man, whose clothing was somewhat of the thinnest, was walking to and fro before a gateway in the Rue des Grands-Augustins in Paris.
Thames Street is as narrow now as it was one hundred and fifty years ago, when it was a carriageway that led to the stables of Etienne De Lancey.
Hairdos can be long and feminine, short and boyish or fringed for a lion’s mane.
Dotting the deodar-covered slopes of these mountains are the picturesque bungalows of the European residents, while towering above and over all are the glistening peaks of the eternal snows.
Although the Bohemianism of this famous club is mainly traditional, it preserves the good custom of general communication among members, and encourages that spirit of playful geniality which is inseparable from the idea of Bohemianism.
Tom Jackson lost the election despite raising more money than his opponent.
It will sometimes grow to a height of fifteen feet, and in swampy places is so dense that it is difficult to keep even a few horses in sight when driving through it; after it dries and the seeds fall to the ground, the stalks break off, and the sweep of the water over the plains during the succeeding year gathers these dry stems against the trees in enormous masses like small haystacks, and there they remain until a bushfire reduces them to ashes.
Tom did a botch job on the washing machine.
Tom spent all morning faffing about on social media instead of working.
Abolish the police.
Defund the police.
The U.S. incarcerates far too many people to be called a "free country."
Slavery is still legal in the U.S. for prisoners.
No fun allowed.
You're most likely closer to being homeless than you are to being a millionaire.
Both studies compared the longevity of those who had a breast removal procedure called a mastectomy to those who had only their tumors removed, or lumpectomy, combined with radiation therapy.
Since the introduction of the process of gas-singeing in finishing textiles, many improvements have been made in the construction of the machines for this purpose as well as in that of the burners, for the object of the latter must be to effect the singeing not only evenly and thoroughly, but at the same time with a complete combustion of the gas and avoidance of sooty deposits upon the cloth.
The children sit cross-legged on the carpeted floor of a large auditorium, facing a saffron-robed swami in an easy chair who is rhythmically clinking small brass cymbals.
Around age six, the twins started taking a drug called L-DOPA, which dramatically lessened their muscle spasms and other symptoms.
The rocket took off and corkscrewed up to its maximum altitude, drawing exclamations of excitement and relief from the team.
Sir, pray give no credit to this cheater; or with his words of art he'll make you doat as much on his feign'd skill, as on fair Flavia.
Researchers with the Instituto di Scienza e Technolgia dei Materiali Ceramici in Italy say the idea is to use certain types of wood (e.g. red oak, rattan) that closely resemble the structure of human bones.
The guild said authorities greatly interfere with journalists’ right to access and to disseminate information.
Camels are known for their ability to travel long distances across the desert without water, but they’re also becoming an increasingly important source of milk for people in drought-prone regions, including East African countries like Kenya, where populations of camels, the single-humped kind technically known as dromedaries, have grown rapidly over the past few decades.
Ethiopia’s foreign minister praised U.S. President Barack Obama’s historic speech to the African Union saying Africa needs genuine partners, not those who patronize it.
Thenceforward I saw Oporto whole and not in disintegrated fragments as before; for I had learnt the secret of putting the pieces of the puzzle together and the heart of the city was bared to me, a stranger.
The whole dandelion plant is edible.
In simple, truthful words she reproached him for having neglected her to the verge of incivility the evening before, but there was no trace of bitterness or resentment in the accusation, and she gave Hermon little time for apology, but quickly gladdened him with words of forgiveness.
This is a small book in which to treat of so large a subject, and to avoid prolixity I have had to generalise.
He is a traditional photographer confronted by the threat that digital technology poses to the developing and printing of images in a darkroom.
"If you cannot express exactly what you need to get across, that shows there's confusion or vagueness in your thinking," Boissiere said.
How teleworking affects the health and lifestyle of the workers seems to depend on how much and what type of teleworking they are doing.
After successfully entering orbit around Saturn, the spacecraft immediately began taking pictures from above the rings as they were backlit by the Sun.
The two boys, aged respectively fourteen and sixteen, were dressed in the army uniform, and wore gold-lace sergeant's chevrons upon their sleeves.
Thereupon the queen, looking about, espied the small house on the other side of the Dordogne, standing by itself among the trees.
The site also has videos and text articles on topics in the news and on dozens of clickable categories, from autos, computers and science to food and money.
The proportion of sugar used for making cherry pie will, of course, need to be varied according to the sourness of the cherries used.
This picture from 2015 shows how the Aral Sea in Central Asia has shrunken in size dramatically as demand for water grows.
What is a person?
"What is a woman?" "An adult human female." "What is a human? What is a female?"
There are people with Y chromosomes who have given birth.
In a crowd of a thousand people, one will be intersex. If you live in a city, you pass by intersex people regularly.
A number of U.S. states have twisted themselves into pretzels trying to come up with a definition of "biological sex" that actually applies to everyone while forcing them unnaturally into only two categories.
Mutilating intersex babies is something almost every transphobe supports.
Transphobes want to force the medical establishment to ignore science.
Before Elon Musk took over at Twitter, the company fought censorship requests from the Turkish government and won. Now it rolls over for them.
Elon Musk's Twitter complies with far more government censorship requests now than under previous ownership.
Did any of the stoics ever talk about the positive aspects of emotions, how we have them for a reason even if we shouldn't be controlled by them?
I'm going to caffeinate.
Do birds have teeth?
Birds are dinosaurs.
Can you burn a Ouija board?
"I didn't think Tom was your type." "I have many types."
"I didn't think Tom was your type." "I have more than one type."
Get off my lawn, you dang kids!
Right-wingers constitute almost all domestic terrorists in the United States.
I don't care about stonks.
I don't know anything about stonks.
They want us to just be happy when the stonks go up and ignore what's happening around us.
At one point in the pandemic, everyone just decided to sacrifice our sick and elderly to the stonks god.
Stonks only go up.
This is my last resort.
If being trans is a form of gay conversion therapy, why are there more out gays and lesbians than ever?
If being trans is a form of gay conversion therapy, why do most trans women date each other?
Can you tell me where the Canadian embassy is?
I'm looking for the Canadian embassy.
Do you know where the Canadian embassy is?
Do you know where I can find the Canadian embassy?
Do you take Canadian money?
Can I use Canadian money here?
I only have Canadian money.
Do you know where the Canadian consulate is?
I'm looking for the Canadian consulate.
Can you tell me where the Canadian consulate is?
Do you know where I can find the Canadian consulate?
I would file a police report if I were you.
The cameras weren't working at the time of the theft.
There's not much to go on, but here's what we know.
We're still trying to piece together the details of what happened.
The puzzle pieces fell into place.
We're about to crack this case wide open.
Republicans went more traditional, using a classic Roman-columned auditorium not far from the White House for the backdrop of many of their recorded speeches.
Two years later, in 1956, Congress approved the nationwide grid of superhighways called the Interstate Highway System, and the first spade of dirt was turned in rural Missouri.
The blood supply of the lower extremity comes from the external iliac artery, a branch of the common iliac, which passes obliquely downward and outward along the border of the psoas muscle to Poupart’s ligament, where it enters the thigh and becomes the femoral artery.
Bat guano is commonly used throughout the world as a fertilizer, but it is also used as medicine.
Another of the fortunate ones who gained the love of Venus was Anchises, prince of Troy; but though the goddess lavished much affection upon him, she was rather ashamed of her attachment, for Anchises was of only mortal birth.
We're going to sue your pants off!
If you're old enough to know that some men are married to women, you're old enough to know that some men are married to men.
A few tables away, Etoi Grant-Davenport says she was hoping to be placed at a hospital in Los Angeles for her residency in pathology.
Is Tatoeba a social network?
He writes his history upon his field; how many ties, how many resources, he has,—his friendships with his cattle, his team, his dog, his trees, the satisfaction in his growing crops, in his improved fields; his intimacy with nature, with bird and beast, and with the quickening elemental forces; his cooperations with the clouds, the sun, the seasons, heat, wind, rain, frost!
Gender-affirming care is safe, effective, and medically necessary.
Abortion healthcare, like all healthcare, is a human right.
Fetuses aren't people.
There is only one opinion amongst all those who have tried to study the Buddhist monkhood—that their conduct is admirable.
Less than 20 vaquitas remain in the wild, and entanglement in illegal gillnets is driving the species toward extinction.
Nothing matters.
Then they planted this garden with all manner fruit-bearing trees and fragrant herbs and flowers and firstlings of every kind and hue and they trained the branches after a wonderful fashion, leading under their shade leats and runnels of cool water; and the boughs were cunningly dispread so as to veil the ground which was planted with grains of divers sorts and greens and all of vegetation that serveth for the food of man.
Don't play chess with a pigeon.
You can't play chess with a pigeon. It'll just knock over the pieces, crap on the board, and strut around acting like it won.
Crocodilians are more closely related to birds than to other living reptiles.
You would have to be sane or very high-functioning to be able to plan and carry out a mass shooting.
Mass shootings require a high amount of executive function to plan and execute.
Mentally ill people lack the executive function to plan and carry out mass shootings.
Far-right ideology motivates highly organized sane people to commit domestic terrorism.
Mass shooters are usually described as looking calm and collected while carrying out their shootings.
Why is the Soviet leader selling pizza?
Arm the homeless.
Jordan Neely would still be alive if we armed the homeless.
The anti-war position with respect to Ukraine is to oppose Putin's war in Ukraine.
With the children’s playroom already busy elsewhere in the Khora center, language lessons, soap-making and self-defense classes are planned for later in the day, while work continues to complete the dentist facilities on the fourth floor.
But while many governments say they support a homegrown innovation economy, policy decisions may hamper entrepreneurial growth, according to a report out this week by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA), which puts on the marquee Las Vegas technology show.
The life of Sam Bolger reads like a romance, tinged with all the vicissitudes of life, livened by the carefree days when gold was more plentiful in Cripple Creek than to-day, shadowed by more sorrows than falls to the lot of the average man.
He took a checkbook from his inside pocket and hurriedly wrote a check for six thousand dollars.
He was in the famous Wilkes exploring expedition around 1840, when they discovered the Antarctic continent; and, like the rest of the officers, he had trouble with Wilkes, whom they had court-martialed.
Once Pat decided to do the Christmas gift project, she collected shoeboxes and stockpiled them in the attic.
To all of this new, strange music, Liszt and Chopin added the wonderful tracery of orientalism.
Then, in his perturbed imaginings he began to write poetry, full of frantic allusions to the harangues of Demosthenes and Cicero.
Researchers at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver think they might have discovered a formula for a pill that effectively delivers a full dose of insulin to a patient’s liver—where it is needed to regulate blood sugar levels—without dissipating uselessly in the stomach.
As the expeditions against the Pannonians and the Germans were, as it were, a repetition of the Raetian campaign on a more extended scale, so the leaders, who were put at their head with the title of imperial legates, were the same—once more the two princes of the imperial house, Tiberius, who, in the place of Agrippa, took up the command in Illyricum, and Drusus, who went to the Rhine, both now no longer inexperienced youths, but men in the prime of their years, and well fitted to take in hand severe work.
The right wants to dictate every aspect of your life.
The right wants to control your every action.
The right wants to dictate what religion you can believe in, who you can love, what medical conditions you can be treated for, and whether you deserve to live.
The right micromanages your life and has the audacity to call this "freedom."
I know you've hired the squirrels to spy on me.
Legalize catnip!
If Rosetta's small lander successfully touches down this fall, tools aboard the 220-pound landing unit will analyze material below the comet's surface along with its internal temperature fluctuations as it hurtles through space.
I can't seem to find my phone.
I don't know what I did with my phone.
I don't know where my phone got off to.
Can you call my phone?
He was able to visualise the scene, to take it all in, but as a distant spectator.
The 16th Century church of Santo Domingo is one of the most remarkable examples of Baroque architecture in the Western hemisphere.
"Great men" don't make history; they get credit for it.
Space station ground controllers will test their ability to command a small flatcar to roll along tracks on a 13-meter girder that space shuttle Atlantis astronauts mounted on the station last week.
It did not matter to the exhausted men and women that they had to eat off tin plates, drink out of tin pannikins, and that the food was more roughly prepared and served than any they had ever tasted before.
The essence of Americanization was elucidated in simple and beautiful words by President Wilson in his memorable speech delivered at Philadelphia in 1915 before an audience of naturalized citizens of that city.
The 65-meter-long frigate is the kind of warship seen in old paintings—made of oak, with huge billowing sails, cannons bristling from the deck, and complex rope rigging reaching a mast about 50 meters high.
A storm with a misleadingly pleasant name recently brought death and destruction to parts of North America.
Rights activists, however, say the law is being misunderstood and the “misinformed” debate against it is further endangering the transgender community.
Today, being glued to an Xbox or PlayStation and excelling at computer games might pay off, as more and more U.S. universities start offering scholarships aimed at attracting computer gamers.
"I'm a human being." "What's a human bean?"
Your actions are carrying out a political agenda whether you acknowledge this or not.
You aren't neutral because you refuse to acknowledge your agenda.
Heteronormativity is a political agenda that you enforce by default, by going about business as usual and not actively unlearning it.
The status quo is a political agenda.
Advocating the status quo, explicitly or implicitly, is advocating a political agenda.
Enforcing the status quo is enforcing a political agenda.
Did you mean Eastern European Galicia or Southern European Galicia?
In addition to carat weight and color, a gemstone's value is based on its clearness and cut—the shape of the polished stone.
Last August, astronomers, using the Hubble Space Telescope to observe Betelgeuse, found evidence that the star was ejecting so much material into space that it formed a dust cloud, which blocked all light coming from its surface.
A three-person crew from the International Space Station has returned to Earth following a nearly 200-day stint in space.
Lee is widely seen as the driving force behind Samsung Electronics, known globally for its computer chips, mobile phones, and flatscreen monitors.
The 5-milliliter bottles are being rolled out to 12 hospitals across the country that will in turn dole out doses to the first 4,000 registered patients.
In this manner, Japheth was considered the progenitor of the European nations, while the inhabitants of the greater portion of Asia were looked upon as the descendants of Shem; and those of Africa, of Ham.
In another video, she uses grape skins to dye white cloth, sews a flowing purple maxi-dress, and dances in her beautiful, spacious country house.
Before modern day maps of the Middle East, before the Ottomans and the Romans, and before thousands of years of kings and caliphs, were the Assyrians—one of the world’s first modern empires.
The massing of the openings in the centre of the façade, instead of their even distribution along the whole front, was peculiar to Venetian palaces.
At night the savage cry of the wolf too often disturbed the rest of the scattered dwellers in that vast forest, and made a belated traveller look well to the sharpness of his weapons and the temper of his bowstring; but by day and in the sunlight the forest was beautiful and quiet enough—something too quiet, perhaps, for the taste of the two handsome lads who were pacing the dim aisles together, their arms entwined and their curly heads in close proximity as they walked and talked.
Most of the people attracted to genealogy are in countries that have accepted waves of immigrants over the years, such as the United States, Canada, Argentina and Brazil.
They have taken the two brothers and filled Chang full of warm water and sugar and Eng full of whisky, and in twenty-five minutes it was not possible to tell which was the drunkest.
India was once a colony in the British Empire, but now Indian tutors are helping to teach math to some British children over high-speed Internet connections.
There were icicles on the fences, a rime of silver on the windward bark of maples, and occasional bare spots on the rocky protuberances of the road, as if Nature had worn herself out at the knees and elbows through long waiting for the tardy spring.
The researchers say the cells might be responsible for the chemical hypersensitivity that characterizes respiratory diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma.
The clear vesicles shoot up from the surface, as it were, without warning; or there may be for a brief period only a circumscribed erythema like that which usually precedes the appearance of an urticarial wheal.
Her little feet were encased in a delicious pair of heelless black alpaca sandals, with satin ribbons criss-crossing over the instep and tied in a bow just above the ankle.
"On the other hand," Tam says, "we did find that when hydrocortisone and dexamethasone were given after the child was born, this was associated with decreased growth of cerebellum."
Anyone who has ever experienced the power of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony—or the polyphony of a Georgian folk song—knows that music can influence a person's mood.
This oral medication is part of a class of drugs that suppresses the overstimulation of the immune system and is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
I can't do that, David.
SpaceX has not privatized space; in fact, it depends on billions of dollars in government grants.
The difference between NASA and private space companies is that NASA is accountable to the taxpayers. Private space companies still depend on taxpayer money.
Elon Musk's businesses are far more "government-funded" than NPR is.
I'm able to get by in French with monolinguals.
I'm socially awkward in three languages.
There was an unoccupied table for two in the dining-car; he seated her, gave her his purse, called a waiter, and would have betaken himself forthwith to another table if she had not detained him.
Under the new regulations, defendants will have access to all the evidence prosecutors will present against them, including hearsay and classified information.
He says most U.S. colleges and universities often base their admissions decisions on an applicant’s test results and school work.
Do you like pizza? Here, have a slice.
Tom saw his reflection in the water.
A pair of mischievous children used a stick to write nasty words in the wet cement.
We got to sleep about 4 a.m., only to be awoke at daybreak by a crashing sound and to find the water rushing into the boat, with an unpleasant conviction that our craft was heeling over at a very uncomfortable angle.
Those writers own, indeed, that the chronicles to which they had access were filled with battles that were never fought, and Consuls that were never inaugurated; and we have abundant proof that, in these chronicles, events of the greatest importance, such as the issue of the war with Porsena and the issue of the war with Brennus, were grossly misrepresented.
The seven spacemen plan to install a third pair of solar wings and another large module to the International Space Station.
Oleg Volkov, the deputy director of the local museum, tells a visitor that the Soviet authorities converted a Russian Orthodox monastery that had been built centuries before into the Solovki Gulag.
It has been said, and with truth, that with a perfect knowledge of one or two thousand words anyone can adequately express oneself—conversationally—on any of the ordinary topics of everyday life, and for this reason we have taken special pains to select those words which are most in use.
Thus in vase pictures, when Poseidon upheaves the island of Cos to overwhelm the Giant Polybotes, the island is represented as an immense mass of rock; the parts which have been under water are indicated by a dolphin, a shrimp, and a sepia, the parts above the water by a goat and a serpent.
Primogeniture was ever driving from England her younger sons to found New Englands and expand the commerce of the motherland.
The American Embassy has cautioned its citizens to be extra vigilant and to avoid areas where skinheads might congregate.
Mr. Carter called for some more beer and told the barmaid to put a little gin in it.
I wasn't the one who pulled the trigger.
All my shirts got wrinkled.
The government doesn't care.
Advertisements for the globe’s most popular alcoholic beverage are almost exclusively aimed at men, but a group of women in Johannesburg are dismantling masculine notions associated with beer and have opened one of Africa’s first craft beer breweries that’s owned and operated by women.
There are about 864,000 children under the age of five that we will reach with this vaccine, and surrounding countries, particularly Uzbekistan and Kyrgyztan, are being asked to step up their surveillance for acute flaccid paralysis, which is a sign of polio, and to look into their immunization rates to make sure that children are adequately protected in those surrounding areas.
There are places on earth where natural geological processes created mineral deposits that contain large quantities of rare earth elements in crystallized form.
The laws of industrial evolution are identical with those of physical evolution, a progression from the less to the greater, from the simple to the complex, a constant adaptation of means to ends, a tendency to minimise effort and maximise efficiency.
As Martine courtesied her thanks for this compliment, she backed gracefully, and neither she nor Brenda realized that she was approaching too near a table of bric-à-brac, until it toppled over with a crash.
The sinuous, Arabic-based script was the main method of writing Malay until the language was romanized by the British in the early 20th century, and is little practiced today outside of mosques and madrassas.
He also pursed his lips to such an extent that they resembled a rosebud in a dirty bush.
And in the night he would wander the forest through, or bathe his fevered limbs in dark streams; and when hunger fell on him he followed the chase, and so swift of foot he grew and so strong of his hands that the wild boar, the wolf, and deer found him a dreich blow-dealer.
The army imposed martial law in the country Tuesday and insisted the action is not a coup but is instead aimed at resolving the political standoff through dialogue.
This is the picture which the more self-conscious intellectuals have formed of themselves, and which they are slowly impressing upon a population which is being led no man knows whither by an indubitably intellectualized President.
Puberty causes irreversible physical changes.
Andrew Tate brags about being a sex trafficker.
We, the people, have to help each other.
All things are for all men, since all men have need of them, since all men have worked in the measure of their strength to produce them, and since it is not possible to evaluate every one's part in the production of the world's wealth.
Could World War II have been won by the Allies without the Soviets?
He did not remove his tricorne hat as he entered, but merely pushed it with a nervy gesture to the back of his head.
Wise men told him his simple fancies were inane and childish, and he believed it because he could see that they might easily be so.
The largest island in the Aegean is Crete, and the form of civilization developed there is called Cretan or Minoan, from the name of one of the legendary sea-kings of Crete, whilst that which spread on the mainland is called Mycenaean from the great stronghold where dwelt the lords of Mycenae.
For immigrants who come to the United States, maintaining cultural traditions of courtship and marriage can be a challenge.
Time, floods, earthquakes and war have destroyed much of the past, but on August 18 approximately 60 athletes from around the world will again enter the ancient stadium of Olympia to compete in the Athens 2004 Olympics.
Authorities accuse Ferrari-driving multimillionaire of running murderous, "mafia-style" crime network.
In 2016, for example, a blogger nicknamed Mother Mushroom was arrested on suspicion of propagandizing against the state.
The hope is to use the bio-engineered yogurt bacteria as the active ingredient in a foam, cream or suppository that can be applied before sex to prevent HIV transmission.
The red-eared slider may wander far from water, and rapidly colonize any newly available habitat.
People have often wondered how this road, traversing some three thousand miles across lonely prairie and lonelier mountains, escaped having its trains held up by robbers, as was common in some other similarly situated countries.
A WHO statement issued Monday says the agency found "extremely high levels of bromide" in blood plasma sampled from several patients affected with the illness.
Parrotfish bite and scrape algae off of rocks and dead corals with their parrot-like beaks; grind the inedible calcium carbonate (reef material made mostly of coral skeletons) which is excreted as sand back onto the reef.
One of the cozy traditions associated with college life is receiving and then pouring over your copy of the annual yearbook.
As the three countries' growing economies guzzle more fuel, the leaders agreed to cooperate on developing alternative sources of energy.
This complete picture of how heat circulates in Saturn’s atmosphere allows scientists to better understand how these auroral electric currents drive winds and distribute energy around the planet, and why the upper atmosphere is twice as hot as temperatures expected from the Sun’s heat alone.
Song Jian, a professor at Renmin University of China and deputy director of the Population and Development Research Center, told the Global Times on November 16 that encouraging couples to have children rested with implementing the measures announced in August to provide "economic support, childcare services, and paid maternity leave, the reasonable sharing of childbearing costs and the construction of a childbearing-friendly social atmosphere, focusing on family needs, and balancing work and family for childbearing couples."
He plays Davey Jones whose appearance on screen is altered through computer imagery to give him a lobster's claw for a hand and a face squirming with tentacles.
New crevasses are being formed, and those already in existence alter from day to day, so that great skill is required on the part of the guides to select a feasible route.
They say, 'buy me, take me home,’ and unlike clothing, shoes have a shape, they are sculptural, and some women said they almost didn’t care whether they would be wearing the shoes much.
And yet Gretchen is worse, for she mortifies me, and laughs at my mistakes, and makes them seem so droll to everybody else.
I am absolutely filled with astonishment to see how many simple words I have been mispronouncing all my life, and would have kept on mispronouncing to the end of my days if my thoughts had not been directed to them.
It strikes me you have never put your nose inside a Roman osteria on a wet day in July!
The country has an unguarded coastline that's more than 3,000 kilometers in length and open borders.
Her purr was already the loudest I have heard from any cat, but she fancied she could improve her mewing; and she mewed in the garden, she mewed in the house, she mewed at meals, she mewed at prayers, she mewed when she was hungry to show that she wanted food, and she mewed when she had had it to show her gratitude.
Police officers did a sweep of the building.
Officers did a sweep of the house.
My boss still needs to sign off on the plan.
The board of directors has to sign off on the deal.
I don't want to walk at graduation.
Tom was told he couldn't walk during graduation.
I didn't walk in my high school graduation ceremony.
Tom went to school on senior skip day.
We spent weeks planning our senior prank.
The graduating class took their senior prank too far, and those involved in its planning and execution were barred from walking on graduation day.
Tom is an upperclassman.
Tom's watching Deep Space Nine in the other room.
Never forget what Tom did for us today.
We must never forget Tom's sacrifice.
Never forget the depths Tom was willing to sink to.
I'll never forget what Tom did for us.
I forget what Tom did.
Did something happen on that day?
It's kind of a whole thing.
It's a whole thing.
I didn't know they were a thing.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were a thing.
How do they make olive oil?
Jews are one large extended family.
The cat looked at Esther and blinked slowly.
Have you been to the top?
He looks like my cat Cookie.
Are you going soonish?
Are you going to bed soonish?
Is it going to be ready soonish?
Observing ironies and funny aspects of different situations improved his perspective on life.
"Fie, cousin!" said Elizabeth; "such thoughts ill beseem the nearest kinsman of the future queen of England."
The gaze was long and combative in its character, and constituted a trial of that moral strength which each, in the peculiar constitution of his being, seemed to possess.
Mr. Wilkinson added that almost half of the reefs severely damaged by coral bleaching in 1998 are recovering, but he said other reefs are so badly damaged that they are unrecognizable.
Homeless people are far more likely to be victims of violent crimes than perpetrators.
Mentally ill people are far more likely to be victims of violent crimes than perpetrators.
When homeless and mentally ill people fall victim to violent crimes, it often isn't treated as a violent crime.
He doesn't come when you call him.
When the war broke out there was something gruesomely comic in the proclamations of emperors and archdukes appealing to that invincible soul of a nation whose existence or moral worth they had been so arrogantly denying for more than a century.
She's an anomaly in the male-dominated sport of boxing, and in a country that clings tightly to traditional roles for men and women, she's an inspiration to women.
In the absolute serenity of his beatitude he fell asleep, with one hand still lazily clutching his beard, and the other still lingering lovingly near the great tumbler.
These claims are not supported by anything in the scientific literature, and also seem fairly implausible on genetic grounds.
An alternating magnetic field created inside the MRI's tube excites hydrogen atoms in the body’s tissues, making them emit radio waves.
There is a widespread opinion that all study of the mode of oratory is unmanly, and leads to the substitution of artifice and adornment for simplicity and power.
I don't sweat when people online call me ugly, as this is the opposite of the usual reaction I get in real life.
On the eighteenth day out from Sydney, we were cruising under the lee of Erromango—of course you know Erromango, an isolated island between the New Hebrides and the Loyalty group—when suddenly our dusky Polynesian boy, Nassaline, who was at the masthead on the lookout, gave a surprised cry of "Boat ahoy!" and pointed with his skinny black finger to a dark dot away southward on the horizon, in the direction of Fiji.
Richard Dawkins' "The God Delusion" is a book by a British guy about how the Church of England is better than all other religions.
It brings nothing new to the table.
Tom doesn't bring anything to the table.
Tom's face couldn't help but telegraph his disgust.
Tom stormed out in disgust.
I've been to Charles de Gaulle, but never seen France.
India is a beautiful and diverse country.
What were you doing in India?
Alexander the Great invaded India.
Alexander the Great conquered part of India.
Alexander the Great conquered part of present-day Pakistan.
We lived in India for a while.
My friend Swapnil is from India.
The United Arab Emirates imports much of its workforce from India, treating them as little more than slaves.
Tom speaks both Cantonese and Mandarin, which he learned while he was in China.
Tom learned Taiwanese.
How was China?
Tom was an English teacher in Guangzhou, China.
The most popular religions in India are Hinduism, Islam, and Christianity.
Sikhism is the fourth most popular religion in India.
Buddhism is the fifth most popular religion in India.
Valmiki was a legendary Indian poet who authored the Ramayana.
France is culturally Catholic.
I need to snake the drain.
I can't afford a plumber.
That's an interesting take on the situation.
Tom unfriended me on Facebook.
Forced marriage is a form of slavery.
Right-wing terrorists violently intimidated Target into removing trans-friendly merchandise.
Is it true that Elon Musk is a pedophile?
Tom got banned from Twitter for calling Elon Musk a pedophile.
What was the exact relationship between Elon Musk and child sex trafficker Ghislaine Maxwell?
When you give bullies what they want, they come back for more.
Companies can't indulge the right's violent fascist threats.
Internet trolls have twisted the concept of "free speech" beyond all recognition.
Life's too short to eat chain restaurant pizza.
Political violence is chiefly a right-wing phenomenon.
The Ramayana attributes itself to Valmiki.
The Iliad is about a quarter of the length of the Ramayana.
He's smart; he's just credulous.
"Tom's not very smart, is he?" "No, he's smart; he's just... credulous."
Tina Turner died.
There are no orcs on this continent.
"Want to have a cig?" "I just had one."
There's this big rooster statue there. Everyone calls it The Giant Cock.
I don't think that's translatable.
Brittany is in France.
Brittany is also known as Little Britain.
I could never be a great cook, since I think everything tastes good.
Inexpensive bed nets treated with insecticide may hold the key to eradicating a debilitating disease that threatens one-fifth of the world's population—mainly those living in Southeast Asia and Africa.
The stickiness of the lizards' feet is legendary, giving them a unique and mysterious way of defying gravity.
Crete, although its chiefs, Idomeneus and Meriones, are only of secondary rank among the heroes of the Iliad, is obviously one of the most important of Grecian lands.
Researchers at Vanderbilt University Medical Center, in Nashville, Tennessee, are now developing miniaturized living copies of certain human organs they say will greatly improve testing the effectiveness of drugs and chemicals on people.
StumbleUpon is basically a web toolbar which helps people discover really interesting content that's out in the Web, that's highly relevant to their interest areas.
Nothing happened except a bad headache, and a quarrel with her mother, who was ungratefully inclined to be sarcastic at her expense.
It probably seems that way, doesn't it, when you pay attention to all the sharp elbows being thrown and people opinionating and screaming and hollering and calling each other names.
Cricket is similar to baseball: both are played with a bat and a ball, for example, and there are batters, outs and pitches.
India says it has found nearly 6 million metric tons of lithium-rich bauxite around the village of Salal of the Reasi district in Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir.
When 19th century scientists first tried to liquefy oxygen, it seemed an impossible task.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a libido-enhancing drug for women that has been dubbed "Female Viagra."
Countries are a tool of the international bourgeoisie to divide the workers.
Reagan's purposeful inaction during the AIDS crisis was a crime against humanity.
Maimonides spent the last three and a half decades of his life in Egypt.
AI is more than capable of doing the job of a bad journalist, but not of a good one.
He was executed without trial for having committed no crime, but because he was mentally ill and Black, conservatives rallied to the side of his murderer.
A vote was called, and Stine realized that somehow, his laborious weeks and months of propagandizing and mass proselytization had at last taken root.
She raised her head quickly, and glanced at her brother, who had gone to the table and emptied the contents of his schoolbag upon it.
He is currently serving his third term, made possible by a supreme court decision that overrode a constitutional limit to two terms.
For instance, cheese may be grated and sprinkled on the top of mashed or creamed potatoes and then browned by placing the dish in the oven.
The role of women and their potential in countering extremism around the world is often overlooked and underestimated, a group of experts told U.S. lawmakers this week.
Whether you're waiting in line for a hamburger at a fast food restaurant, sitting in the boardroom of the Central Bank, or visiting the parliament, everyone in Romania has something to say about the economy, starting with Prime Minister, Adrian Nastase.
The invention of typography in the fifteenth century marked the beginning of a new civilization and the end of the medieval thousand years.
He says troops from the two countries that have been deployed to the border will return to their barracks and only come out to protect their civilians in times of crisis.
Access to the internet has been intermittent in the past week, with certain apps and websites blocked, including Facebook, where citizens had been posting livestreams of protests.
The plasterwork, decorated in raised ornamental designs, was used for enhancing the beauty of both the interior and exterior of a building.
In 1918, M. L. Leddy left the family cotton farm near the San Saba River in central Texas and began repairing boots and saddles for a local saddler.
Money sets up manufactories, organises railways, puts ships on the ocean, pays for machinery, builds and improves towns, schools, and churches, encourages learning, enlarges processes of husbandry with a view to ever-increasing demands for food.
It was an infinite relief to her to be able to breathe the freer and more generous air of the metropolis (where people scarcely know the names of their next-door neighbours, much less their business, and find enough to do in attending to their own concerns) after having lived for so long a time under the prying eyes of the gossipmongers of Iselford.
I have little hesitation in saying that Cottagers who are able to keep from four to six Hives of Bees may make from four to eight pounds yearly profit, after paying all expenses upon them.
"I'm not transphobic; I'm not afraid of trans people." "I'd say you are. You're afraid of us raping women in bathrooms, dominating women's sports, and brainwashing your children. And every single one of these fears is irrational, so the suffix -phobic couldn't possibly fit more."
In other news, grass is green.
"Morning." "Coffee."
I'm disabled and work.
I'm disabled and sporadically employed.
I am disabled and do not work.
I'm disabled and don't work.
I'm disabled and self-employed.
I'm disabled, but I work.
I'm disabled, but I do work off and on.
I'm disabled, but I sometimes work.
I'm a frog.
I live on Mars.
I was born on the moon.
I was born on Mars.
I was born in a spaceship.
Freddy Krueger, one of the creepiest and most memorable villains from modern American horror films, is back on screen in a new and more grisly version of his tragic story in the 're-boot' of "A Nightmare on Elm Street".
It was true that the birds were everywhere! little greenish birds flitting among the trees; larger grey-brown birds flying low; fairy-like blue and yellow birds that circled round the car as it ran east towards the far, looming mountains of the Djurdjura; larks that spouted music like a fountain of jewels as they soared into the quivering blue; and great, stately storks, sitting in their nests on tall trees or tops of poles, silhouetted against the sky as they gazed indifferently down at the automobile.
With so many dining choices in New York City, keeping up with the trendiest restaurants can seem next to impossible even for a dedicated gourmand.
My friend, if ever I return to my native land, I will never be such a crass and blithering idiot as to give way again to a spirit of adventure.
We are far from being so inspired with a Russophobia as to regard the time as at hand when the Russian Cossack and the English Sepoy shall knock their noses together while acting as sentinels upon their respective frontiers.
Cameroon imports vegetable oil, wine, canned food and body lotions from Equatorial Guinea and exports building material, vegetables, tomatoes, rice and potato to Equatorial Guinea.
It was a bright sunny morning, every leaf sparkling with dew-drops; groups of neatly-dressed people were to be seen flocking in from the country in every direction; and though the air was fresh enough to incline them to walk briskly along, their hands were not hidden away in muffs and coat-pockets, but were ready for the friendly shake which, with "all the good wishes of the season," awaited them at every step.
Technically speaking, Esperanto combines the characteristics of an inflected language with those of an agglutinative one.
The Vice-Consul obligingly expressed his regret for the unpleasant scene of the preceding evening; he did not dissemble his apprehensions for me, in case I continued long in my present situation, but could devise no means for my escape; I was still more perplexed, as without his assistance I should find it impossible to quit the country.
A Swiss-born artist who got his first big break in 1955 in the United States, is back in the city of his first museum exhibit, New York. Sculptor, painter, draftsman Alberto Giacometti created most of his masterpieces in a tiny studio in Montparnasse in Paris, but his work has been closely connected with New York. The maestro's work returns to the U.S. this summer, as the Guggenheim Museum welcomes art lovers to an exhibition dedicated to Giacometti.
Friendship was a sacred thing in the eyes of this little German, and he was much horrified at this cruel desecration just revealed to him.
Basically, when too many people walked over the bridge at one time, each footstep exerted a slight sideways force, which, in turn, caused a very noticeable wobble.
The rivers are too cold to swim in.
The car was a write-off.
Tom wasn't injured in the crash, but his car was totaled.
Nobody was hurt in the accident, but the car was a total write-off.
What did they inject you with?
Tom was injected with an experimental drug.
Tom is a test-tube baby.
Tina Turner's stage shows were spectacular.
Tina Turner went through a lot.
"Remember when Tom threw up all over the pizza?" "Never forget."
"Remember when Tom lost that ounce?" "Never forget."
My mental health has been worse this year.
Something's off.
Friends tell you things you don't want to hear.
We had to carry Tom to the couch.
Tom was shitfaced.
Brainstorming sessions are also being held in other countries such as Kenya and the Democratic Republic of Congo as part of a larger program coordinated by the World Bank’s Chief Economist office.
Human rights advocates are now pushing the Biden administration to expedite the process to reunite refugees with relatives in the U.S.
The state transportation department said some low-lying roads and underpasses were closed due to high water as a band of heavy rain moved across south Louisiana.
The country’s fourth-largest city is eerily quiet, as most residents heed calls by authorities to stay home.
Tinker Taylor drank off his glass and departed, saying it was too stylish a place now for him to feel at home in unless he was drunker than he had money to be just then.
That's how gracefully and disconcertingly human this Boston Dynamics robot manages to look as it navigates the uneven snow-covered terrain of New England and gets literally shoved around by its human overlords.
Only the chirping of birds and insects break the silence at a gold mining site in the Eastern Region of Ghana, right at the foot of the Atewa forest reserve.
The station has an international flavor, broadcasting programs in Tigrinya, Spanish, Amharic, Tagalog, and French, as well as programs of Jewish and Irish music.
There were five small casks of fresh water, two or three canisters of gunpowder, a small box of tea and another of sugar, besides several bags of biscuits.
Angola's most famous operatic tenor hopes to inspire more Africans to take up the classical music form.
Belgian and British researchers found that the best referees, however, are able to pay attention to the parts of a play where a foul is most likely to happen.
The National Air and Space Museum, which first opened its doors 46 years ago, was upgraded to include eight new exhibitions, hundreds of new artifacts, and 50 digital interactive exhibits—with the aim of making it more modern and engaging.
The last interglacial period ended around 115,000 years ago when temperatures were less than one degree Celsius warmer than today, and sea levels were six meters higher.
Now, they hope their artistic message—which touches on local and global events—will resonate beyond the African continent.
I don't like Tom as a person.
The book is written in simple, non-technical language that has the rare quality of being scientifically accurate yet intriguingly interesting.
Franklin Foer is a soccer enthusiast who has written a book about the spread of soccer fandom around the world.
In the late afternoon, at the conclusion of the race-meet, Bosnian society repairs en masse to the beautiful and fashionable Villa Bosna, where, in the cool of the evening, in the casino or under the great trees, it sups and dines and chatters, until it is time for the last of the evening trains to leave for Sarajevo.
Peanut butter is a meal.
With Republicans in charge of both houses of Congress and the White House, you’d think passing President Trump’s legislative agenda would be a slam dunk.
Some U.S. cities have moved to ban plastic straws in restaurants after a heartbreaking video of a wildlife rescuer pulling a straw out of a turtle's bloody nose was posted on the internet earlier this year.
Here, unfortunately, Waltz plays a much softer evildoer, but still bad enough to inflict psychological and physical harm on Bond.
Interleukin-1 is made mainly by one type of white blood cell, the macrophage, and helps another type of white blood cell, the lymphocyte, fight infections.
No matter how bad Earth gets, life here will always be a more hopeful prospect than life on Mars.
Before his work as an adjunct instructor, he had worked in a lab which, until it ran out of funding, sponsored his work visa.
Humans evolved to live on Earth.
In a very special bakery in Kyiv, thousands of loaves of bread are being baked every week and sent out to those in need.
Wouldn't keeping Earth suitable for life be easier than making Mars suitable for life?
So, too, in his descriptions of the Elysian Fields and of Tartarus, Virgil simply reproduces in substance the many similar descriptions which occur in the Greek poets and philosophers; and although he perfects these with many exquisite touches of his own, such original contributions of his belong rather to the domain of art than of eschatology.
It's not possible to just buy a new Earth when we break the old one.
Elon Musk thought COVID would be over by April of 2020.
Elon Musk cares more about the "woke mind virus" than actual deadly viruses.
Humanity will progress despite Elon Musk.
Elon Musk's psychopathic campaign against remote work played a big role in the death toll from COVID.
Elon Musk was born with an emerald spoon in his mouth.
It's still morning here.
Among the sources of wealth in Tafilet we may name very fine sheep, whose beautifully white wool makes very pretty coverlets, oxen, first-rate horses, donkeys, and mules.
Not everyone who traditionally speaks Arabic identifies as Arab.
Most Mizrahi Jews do not identify as Arabs, and this has always been the case.
Before pan-Arabism, which arose in the 20th century, it was not common to refer to everyone who spoke Arabic as Arab. Among some peoples, it is still controversial.
The sprawling patch of detritus, known as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, contains nearly 80,000 tons of plastic, a study released Thursday found.
Jim surveyed the empty jar, and found it to be the mislabelled vessel in which he kept his whisky safe from Mrs Brown's thirsty raids.
Many of the excursionists—those with families chiefly—were already making their way towards the railway station; but others there were who seemed bent on keeping up their merriment to the last moment.
But consumers will have to wait a little longer for a fully immersive, full length movie in virtual reality.
Roger Waters can't claim to be anti-war anymore, as he supports Putin's invasion of Ukraine.
At a large fish farm along the Mekong in Vientiane, tilapia swarm to the surface of their floating cages as food is shoveled into the water.
I'm physically incapable of doing that.
Unicorns are real.
I'm not here to see you.
As soon as the cops left, they turned the music back up.
I like the way it looks.
That's not a thing.
Tom helped break up the fight.
I love the Kabyle flag.
His farm was large, well stocked, and in high condition; his dwelling-house was furnished as a farmer’s house should be, and it was as cleanly and neat as it was commodious.
His responsibility will be to stabilise the economy so elections can be held, likely early next year.
Perceiving that the general effect was gloomy,—so that the airy castle looked like a feudal fortress, or a monastery of the Middle Ages, or a state prison of our own times, rather than the home of pleasure and repose which he intended it to be,—the owner, regardless of expense, resolved to gild the exterior from top to bottom.
Before terraforming Mars, let's attempt the considerably smaller task of keeping Earth terraformed.
I wish I had that much time.
Blasphemy against the Holy Spirit is a victimless crime.
Horned toads hopped about; each of the four upper corners of the room was festooned with a thick cobweb, in the center of which sat a spider as big around as a washbasin, and armed with pincher-like claws; a red-and-green lizard was stretched at full length on the window-sill and black rats darted in and out of the holes they had gnawed in the floor of the cottage.
The oil industry is still recovering from Hurricane Ivan's 15-meter waves and 265-kilometer per hour winds, which damaged dozens of oil derricks and production facilities along the U.S. Gulf Coast.
The Athenians, after the purification, celebrated, for the first time, the quinquennial festival of the Delian games.
Ulysses, after the destruction of Troy by the Grecians, coasted with his fleet along unknown shores, until the land where these Cyclops dwelt was reached.
Strong acid stain removers destroy cotton and linen cloth; even mild acids, such as lemon juice and vinegar, may injure cotton and linen if allowed to remain too long on the cloth.
He praises the king for eating without a fork, conversing at the same time, and never dirtying his clothes.
He is eminently practical, withal; and not satisfied with describing and deploring the effects of drunkenness, he gives us a recipe which he warrants to cure the most hardened dipsomaniac within a week.
The flags are spaced about 20 feet (6 meters) apart, just wide enough to let our largest snowplough run between them without knocking them down.
The first 15 games of the BAL season will be played at the Dakar Arena, one of Africa's newest basketball arenas.
Another difference between the aurochs and the bison is the length of the hair; the neck, shoulders, and throat of the bison are covered with very long hairs; while the aurochs have all these parts covered with a short hair, resembling that of the rest of the body, the front excepted, which has frizzled hair.
Oil company CEOs should not chair climate conferences.
Ivor’s voice was deep and quiet, with clear enunciation; while that of Captain Peirce was some semitones higher in key, with a rapid and rather indistinct intonation.
But because sleeping sickness can be a lethal illness and because some of the other drugs are so expensive and difficult to administer, melarsoprol continues to be used to treat trypanosomiasis patients.
I'm sorry, but that's bullshit.
Abolish restaurants.
I had a dream about Jupiter.
Houston said there is increasing demand for technologies to help stop counterfeiting or illegal manufacturing.
Nazis don't protest on the same side as actual feminists.
Capitalism is the problem, but Marxism-Leninism is not the solution.
Transphobia affects real people; blasphemy does not.
Content moderation at Tatoeba is kind of a joke.
Antisemitism incites genocides.
There's no such thing as trans ideology. It was made up by the right so they wouldn't have to admit they were going after human beings trying to live their lives.
Blasphemy has no effect on anyone.
Blasphemy is a human right.
Kenya’s Constitution and Justice Minister said the country will be going through a rebirth after President Mwai Kibaki promulgates the newly adopted constitution Friday at Uhuru Park in the capital, Nairobi.
Low-cost community schools attempt to fill the gap, but most of these educators are inadequately trained—so one organization is now teaching the teachers.
A gothic, but spooky, castle in the medieval Transylvanian city of Sighisoara may not be a place to spend the night alone.
Does the country risk being enclosed in a geographical cocoon if it spurns a multi-continent project for which everyone else has signed up?
She made appointments with him to discuss the best means of economising his time and protecting his privacy.
Lenses of rock crystal were used to concentrate the rays of the sun for cauterizing wounds and also to light fires, especially sacrificial ones.
Waiting along the shores, donning white gum boots and white coats, fish traders wait to offload the Nile perch that has turned profitable for many traders.
During the Big Scare, while everyone was afraid that the Exclusion Ultimatum meant the Martians wanted an interplanetary war, the Earth Governments would have been only too ready to hang, shoot, stab, gas, electrocute, freeze, burn, poison, impale and/or defenestrate the dastardly culprits responsible.
And of course you mean to imply that her fate would have its use, in the way of serving as a warning to incautious youth against being in love with ideals.
With another blat the beast switched around, lowered his head, and charged directly at the ugly man.
Turkish, French, German and British leaders met by videoconference Tuesday to commit themselves to joint actions on the Syrian refugee crisis and coronavirus pandemic.
In this adventure Heracles was accompanied by Iolaus, the son of his brother Iphicles, who, on this as on other occasions, appears as his faithful companion.
A marble-paved esplanade led from the cobblestoned street up to the palace, and on its west side facing the Great Sea an immense terrace of colored, polished stones went out from the peristylium.
These faces that used to be the front-page headlines have now gone to the back-page obituaries.
The political party began life in the late 1980s—in the final gasp of communism—as a small libertarian student movement.
Andrew Neyman is a promising young drummer who enrolls at a cutthroat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by Terence Fletcher, a perfectionist music conductor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential talent.
So Jerry kept getting deeper and deeper into his predicament, like a man in quicksand.
The surgical scars on his neck where the micro-communications equipment had been inserted itched maddeningly.
Philip Christensen, a geophysicist at Arizona State University, Tempe, focuses his attentions on Mars and Earth.
I make a considerable sum of money out of it, and each of my men contributes a mickle toward it.
The world was watching, July 20, 1969, as a grainy black and white TV image showed American astronaut Neil Armstrong step onto the moon's surface and plant a U.S. flag.
The move comes as social media companies face increasing pressure from those who say their platforms spread misinformation, and those who say they are too censorious.
No pushing a fellow in and locking the door and squirting water at him through the window.
Johnson transformed the interior of her shop into a welcoming, homey environment.
The three-dimensional image took shape on the computer screen, in one of many new apps that let users customize their games using a camera with a special chip.
Spores from Bacillus pumilus SAFR-032 are proving to have the ability to resist the techniques to clean spacecraft, like ultraviolet radiation and peroxide treatment.
It wouldn't be Spider-Man without a fantastical villain and drama veteran Willem Dafoe fills that spandex suit as the megalomaniac "Green Goblin."
The Food and Drug Administration says meat and milk from clones of adult cattle, pigs and goats are safe to eat.
The U.S. National Hurricane Center Wednesday said Hurricane Delta has come ashore along the northeastern coast of Mexico’s Yucatan Peninsula with maximum sustained winds of 175 kilometers per hour.
The young man's immersion seemed of great satisfaction to the blacksmith, whose buffalo-horn-like mustaches jiggled convulsively in a paroxysm of silent mirth.
Investigators want to know how the beard on the young pharaoh’s burial mask became detached and why restoration staff reaffixed the piece using an unseemly amount of epoxy during its restoration in 2014.
Snuff out the candle.
I used a candle snuffer to snuff out the candle.
We won't let the government trample on our rights.
Barry and Prue would have given him almost anything they had, for he was a great friend and crony of theirs.
The doctor may advise cautery, a method that burns the blood vessel with electric current, silver nitrate or a laser.
I detested Mrs. Carruthers most of the time, a person whom it was impossible to please.
One of them bore a lantern, while the other wheeled before him a barrow, laden with crowbar, pickaxe, and spade.
You've hardly touched your salad.
Tom took a vow of sobriety.
Tom took a vow to stay sober.
Tom swore off alcohol.
Can you dunk?
I need a cigarette to take the edge off.
I thought he was doing a bit.
Tom has finally decided to get sober.
Tom is going to rehab.
The guitar is a portable instrument.
Tom took his guitar to the beach.
You can't take a piano to the beach.
Why are there so few male harpists?
The flute is more popular with girls than boys.
I'm free for the next hour.
Make sure to bring snacks and plenty of water.
Don't leave the trail for any reason.
Even experienced hikers can easily get turned around out here if they go off-trail.
Make sure you're well equipped for your trip.
Don't hike solo.
Every detail was planned thoroughly in advance.
City officials said they will erect a new memorial to World War II liberators at the site and the statue will be transferred to a museum.
Suddenly the horse threw up his head, curved his neck backward, cocked his ears and whinnied.
This treatment should be repeated daily until the acarus is destroyed and the animal has regained its normal condition.
Austria’s chancellor, Sebastian Kurz, Friday announced he is reinstating mandatory mask regulations to prevent the spread of COVID-19 after cases spiked in the country this week, especially in Vienna.
Wild tigers have been offered a lifeline by countries where they still roam.
I don't have much hiking experience.
I've never been on an overnight hike before.
You can park at the trailhead.
In the period in question there were two such men, Cimon and Pericles, men of such eminence that we cannot pass them by unconsidered.
Quitting smoking can save you a lot of money.
Quitting smoking was the best decision I ever made.
I'm glad that I no longer smoke.
The report also finds that almost half the people in developing countries suffer from health problems due to unclean water and lack of waste removal systems.
At a small grain mill in Mekelle, four donkeys quietly plod out of their concrete shelter into the front yard.
His account of a solar eclipse viewed at Devonport through a small spyglass got into print in a London paper.
Groups of women clad in flowing black abayas smiled and waved as they passed on their way to the voting centers.
Every chopstick made here goes overseas, where they are sold to supermarket chains in China, Korea and Japan.
This party comprised fully two-thirds of the tribesmen, and departed for the coast, a dozen miles away, laden with skins and things to trade.
What a gracious speech, what a daring pledge to a world whelmed in tyranny and wrong!
While I'm unashamedly a conservative, I'm also unashamed to admit that science has proven these things.
20,000 private nurseries will be established to procure 500 million seedlings and the youth will be encouraged to raise nurseries after proper training.
Far below, the placid waters of the Mediterranean seemed to catch the blue of the sky, keep some of it and fling the rest up heavenward again.
Born in Washington, D.C., Abdullah dreamed of competing in the Olympics as a kid, but he never thought it was possible until he was a college rower.
An estimated 60 percent of the world’s uncultivated farmable land is in Africa, but many people still don’t have enough to eat.
The film is being hailed as an example of the Afro-futurism movement, which blends science fiction and African tradition to reimagine the past and visualize what is to come.
African tourism is changing, say travel industry leaders, moving away from the traditional safaris and packaged tours and towards the intimate, indefinable, infinitely Instagrammable lure of “experiences.”
All these seeds were carefully planted in the new beds between the pool and the orchard, where we could water them plentifully, and Stella, with the instincts of the true gardener, babied and tended those seedlings almost as if they were human.
They are calling on authorities to adopt relevant regulations and disseminate previously released recommendations for people working in close contact with or handling wildlife, including hunters, butchers and the public.
In this year’s Least Developed Countries Report, UNCTAD economists warn the current grim situation will not improve unless the world’s poorest countries drastically boost their productive capacities.
Since 1938, a red-caped superhero impervious to most earthly pitfalls has captivated the imagination of comic book, television, and movie fans around the world.
The direction the asteroid is orbiting the sun is what clued scientists into its interstellar origins.
In April, the four agencies launched a joint site on YouTube to provide a range of news and sociopolitical content that is not filtered by the government.
I suppose nudists and doctors eventually reach the point where they look on nakedness as normal.
An 84-year-old pole vaulter reaches new heights.
The group is nominally banned, but tolerated by the government.
He says he has the best job in the world because he gets to write down his daydreams.
New findings by archeologists excavating a prehistoric site in Jordan may shed new light on the way early humans transitioned from hunter-gatherers to farmers.
There was a stove, a table, three chairs, a row of shelves containing a few articles of crockery and tinware, and a bed in the far corner of the room, on which rested a man with ragged gray beard and hair, a face long and thin, and coal-black eyes.
A gleam of real pride quickened most ingenuously in the Older Man's pale blue eyes.
Sedulously avoid all polysyllabic profundity, pompous prolixity, psittaceous vacuity, ventriloquial verbosity, and vaniloquent vapidity.
All preceding narrations are so intermixed with fable, that philosophers ought to abandon them in a great measure, to the embellishment of the poet and orator.
As the economy faltered, his business was no longer profitable.
The global temperature then increased about five degrees Celsius, causing profound changes in the planet’s ecology, including mass extinctions.
And as a child, self-pity seized her—as a lost child, when darkness is setting in, and the will fails and distance appalls.
Beckham's Asia tour was thrown into the spotlight after the English national captain transfered last week from Manchester United to the Spanish club Real Madrid in a deal worth about $41 million.
Bonobos are also different in that they have a more egalitarian and cooperative society than chimpanzees.
Businesses are structured in different ways to meet different needs.
The other passengers looked on curiously, and enviously, when they heard where he and his sister were going.
The difficulty of sketching the outlines of the history of Israel in pre-Maccabean times is unusually great.
The remoteness of the island, where cars don't fit on the narrow streets and donkeys are the main mode of transport, has helped maintain its 650-year-old Swahili culture and traditions.
It just works.
Later, he talks to the youth of Tanzania who played a greater role in the election, regardless of their political inclinations.
Also, Mr. Obama and Britain’s Queen Elizabeth both made sure to use the phrase “special relationship” when toasting each other at a Buckingham Palace state dinner.
Dredging, pollution and overharvesting led to the disappearance of the oysters decades ago.
In a presentation to the International Conference of the American Thoracic Society, Elizabeth Townsend explained that the ginger components inhibit an enzyme and a protein structure which play a role in constricting the smooth bronchial muscles.
NASA's Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirit and Opportunity—essentially Curiosity's smaller cousins—outlasted their missions by years.
Larry came in from the kitchen, a woebegone expression on his face.
Rice, the second woman to hold the top U.S. diplomatic post after Madeleine Albright of the Clinton administration, pledged continued efforts by the United States to combat the dehumanization of women in every form.
The bark is light brown, red-tinged, deeply ridged, and broken into plate-like scales.
The good news for him is that eight of his 10 rustled cows were returned, and the man who stole them was caught.
They serve the best chip butties in town.
Tom had a delicious bacon butty for breakfast this morning.
Tom made a mouth-watering cheese butty for Mary.
Directly opposite his Majesty were eight of his sons, richly dressed in velvet and gold-brocade coats, all glittering with gold and jewels.
The air quality gets noticeably worse as winter approaches and farmers clear their fields by burning scrub.
Ten years ago, Native American photographer Matika Wilbur embarked on a road trip with an ambitious goal to document all 562 federally recognized Indigenous tribes.
Scientists studying temperature and rainfall patterns in areas that later had cholera outbreaks say small increases in warmth and wetness are followed by a surge in cholera cases a few months later.
On a certain occasion I was in Rodin’s studio when reference was made to some harsh criticism of one of his nudes.
This work of Rubens was the first example of foreshortening done by a Flemish painter.
Beitbridge, on the southern Limpopo River border with South Africa, received some 93 millimetres of rain, the most it has gotten in 46 years, meteorologists said.
The 70-year-old politician has been facing dozens of court cases, including sedition, terrorism and corruption charges, since a parliamentary vote of no-confidence toppled his government last April.
But energy giant AGL plans to decommission the facility in the New South Wales Hunter Valley in 2022 as it concentrates its commercial interests on renewable sources of energy, including solar and wind.
Lawyers by day, two Ugandan women are raving about their enthusiasm and love for natural hair, encouraging other women to stop straightening their hair or using hair extensions and keep it natural.
The first thing the boy said when he opened his eyes was, "I'm to go to play with Frank again to-day, amn't I, Auntie Hetty?"
Instead of being caged indoors, night and day, the ducks and hens are kept in a large fenced yard with plenty of places to explore.
But where was he to go, in order to escape the relentless monster that sought to rend him?
Until now, lupus sufferers have treated their varied symptoms—from mental disorders to skin rashes and painful joints—with a combination of drugs, including painkillers, steroids and anti-malarial medicines.
The statement from the Chinese Defense Ministry late Monday was in response to an offer extended by the Seychellois government last week.
Knowledge rejuvenates the soul, and lightens the burden of old age.
Tom, why aren't you paying attention?
Before each of us was a gilt dish of sweetmeats, specimens of the most perfect dainties of the confectioner’s art.
In a lengthy report on the law’s impact on the city’s judicial system, based on court judgements, court hearing notes and interviews with activists, Amnesty concluded that the law has been used to “carry out a wide range of human rights violations.”
Wahiu said Kenya’s 2010 constitution recognizes the rights of what it calls “marginalized” peoples, including nomadic pastoralists like the Turkana and the Masai.
Bonuck notes that some earlier studies tracked children for a shorter period of time, or were limited, for example, to tonsillectomy patients.
The wearing of agate ornaments was even believed to be a cure for insomnia and was thought to insure pleasant dreams.
A state-owned book publisher in Vietnam has withdrawn hundreds of law books from shelves following public uproar over a photoshopped image of a half-naked man holding scales of justice on the front cover.
A 2014 study estimates more than 400 million people are electronic device junkies.
She notes effective HIV treatment and tools to prevent, detect, and treat opportunistic infections are available but are not provided equitably across the world.
The United Nations Children's Fund, UNICEF, says more than 200 child soldiers held by rebels have been demobilized following seven months of negotiations.
Wearable electronics need suitable power sources, so batteries are another product being featured, such as a bendable cell suitable to be incorporated into garments.
After doctoral research on his favorite insect species—ants—he joined the faculty as a zoology professor in 1956.
Victorian ladies were expected to excel at needlework, and everybody read a lot.
He makes soap and other cleansing products out of cooking oil from hotels and restaurants in the southwestern city of Douala.
There is, doubtless, no need to assure the reader that the events of Bob's life as hereinafter depicted are historically true; he was acquired by one of the poet's boys, who, forbidden to rob nests, remembers his fear, on the way home with Bob in his straw hat, that the account of the bird's helpless condition would not serve as a fair and reasonable excuse for keeping him as a pet.
Secretary Thompson described the infected man as a woodsman who had recently traveled to North Carolina, and spent a great deal of time outdoors, even drinking water from a stream.
From the edge of the cliff the panoramic view to the south-west is vast and superb, the landscape resembling a map in green plasticine with the rivers shown in blue.
Having thought out all the stanzas, I said to myself, ‘I must get up and write these verses down, lest I fall asleep again and forget them.’
Tom is so tired he can't feel his edges anymore.
She also added to the entertaining cauldron that makes up American politics with a campaign ad meant to offset her admission she once dabbled in sorcery.
Hilda’s mother has written saying that Hilda is not to spend next hols with me; which was all arranged before the fuss began.
After welding, the wire metal mesh is dunked in a vat filled with tons of molten zinc at a historic building about an hour west of Boston.
Matthys is proud to grow what he calls the "peppermint and spearmint that help flavor the world."
They dig burrows for their winter residence, and the females suckle their young at the bottom of their habitations.
Tom felt flattered when he got IDed while buying a six-pack of beer at the supermarket.
Low levels of vitamin D can lead to problems such as rickets, a deformity mainly found in children.
I feel my head so stupid, my hand so disobedient, my pen so execrable, my ink such a mudpond, that I ought in mercy to save you the trouble of deciphering more.
This page allows the user to change the name of previously registered devices and re-register or unregister a device if it is lost, stolen or replaced.
Sandra began her community service after earning a graduate degree in gerontology.
"What the Holocaust setting does for this film, which addresses questions that are more human than Jewish," explains director Tim Blake Nelson, "is it furnishes the audience, through its historical accuracy, with a level of credibility."
With her husband’s money she had bought a gold-nibbed fountain-pen for Leslie, and had paid for copies of a photograph of herself.
Researchers have found tantalizing evidence that bacteria inside the body convert carnitine into a compound that hardens arteries, contributing to arteriosclerosis and increasing the risk of heart attack.
His keen eyes searched the tangled luxuriant growth of the jungle below, searching for some indication that the protoplasmic monster he seeked was there.
It had a wonderful amount of hair for so young a child, and the mother’s pride in it was forgivable, for nearly all the babies of her acquaintance were bald.
“I went lickety-split on my crutches nearly as fast as a boy could run,” he cried, immensely proud of this achievement, “and I was there in time and got a front seat.”
More than 200 migrants rescued in the Mediterranean last week disembarked Sunday in Italy.
The researcher says most of consumers of illegal liquor are from lower economic backgrounds because of the price and accessibility of bootleg alcohol.
The windows have no glass, of course, as that would be shattered to smithereens by the vibrations.
The progress realised in the German chemical trade is well known, and it is only too badly felt in Scotland and Northumberland; while the reports on the German iron and steel industries which one finds in the publications of the Iron and Steel Institute and in the inquiry which was made by the British Iron Trade Association show how formidably the production of pig-iron and of finished iron has grown in Germany since 1871.
I'm not shitposting.
The images are encoded row by row, left to right, top to bottom.
The trail is unimproved, and sometimes rough, but the 6-mile hike is rewarded by views of the magnificent canyons, the bridges, and ancient Indian ruins.
He told his parents to invest in crypto when he was 10 years old.
These crumbling ghettos, crisscrossed by narrow lanes, clogged with vendors and traffic are suffocating in the fumes from tanneries and rubber factories tucked in among the crowded dwellings.
I was spiteful when I was thin, but now I’m fat again I want every one to be happy.
On the heavy, polished table stood an oval glass dish decorated with little gilt swags.
Somehow, everything always seems to lead back to Tom.
I tend to misinterpret things.
I felt isolated and embattled.
Those are unrelated.
Some of those are unrelated.
In the course of the fifth century ten politicians were ostracised, the first being Cleisthenes himself, and the last (417 B.C.) Hyperbolus, who was made a scape-goat for Alcibiades and Nicias, the two rival leaders of the day.
It's best to ignore anything I ever say.
Cats snuggle for warmth and to show affection.
I'd like to have a pint of Guinness.
Pat Robertson is finally dead.
Pat Robertson's life was tragically long.
I'm crashing.
I'm not sure if I've been taking my third lithium dose every day.
Tom has a brother, but his name escapes me.
Tom has a brother, whose name escapes me.
Tom has three brothers and sisters.
Tom has three brothers and three sisters.
Canada is blowing smoke in our faces.
Canada's on fire.
There used to be a synagogue here.
I've got schizoaffective disorder.
I have schizoaffective disorder.
I've been doing well for years.
I've been doing relatively well for years now.
I haven't been in the psych ward in thirteen years.
It hasn't really been that long.
Not every old synagogue gets restored.
Trump is four years younger than Biden.
If Biden was too old four years ago, surely Trump is too old now.
The old don't want to let go of power.
It's only on microfilm.
The library has the paper's archives on microfilm.
Can you show me how to use microfilm?
It was all done out of animus.
It was a riotous occasion.
Vote Tom Jackson for alderman.
Tom is one of our aldermen.
Tom is an alderman for our town.
Japanese has a lot of pronouns.
This would have a deleterious effect on our ability to organize.
A marine science instructor snorkelling off the southern coast of California this week discovered the carcass of a rare deep sea oarfish, one of the longest fish in the world.
I'll let it slide for now.
I'll let it slide.
She let it slide.
COPD, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, blocks airflow through the lungs.
Even though many of them are major food producers, they are legally obliged to stop farming Monday and leave their homesteads by August 10.
Up to now Stephen’s inclination towards Leonard had been vague, nebulous; but now that theory showed a way to its utilisation it forthwith began to become, first definite, then concrete, then substantial.
There be wild hogs, of a surety, and monstrous wild cats that climb like monkeys, and see in the dark, and will pounce on a man and carry him off afore he can twink an eyelid.
Starting Friday, the U.N. will raise thermostats by three degrees Celsius to 25 degrees in most parts of the huge headquarters complex.
When we’re young we think we’re different from everyone else, but when we grow a little older we discover we’re all very much of a muchness.
Lycus, a mortal, being detained by Circe in her magical dominion, was beloved by a water-nymph who desired to render him immortal; she had recourse to the sorceress, and Circe gave her an incantation to pronounce.
For today's tourists Savannah's attraction is its hundreds of 19th century buildings with wrought iron balconies, graceful palm and magnolia trees, nearby recreation facilities, and southern hospitality.
The artifacts include a clay vessel believed to be 3,500-years-old, as well as burial shrouds and gold jewelry.
He accompanies the diligence through the whole of the journey, and at the close of it expects a gratuity of four or five francs.
Indeed, by now, although the god of the Shepherds was Baal, to whom they gave the name of Set because already it was well known upon the Nile, the Shepherd kings re-built the temples of Ra and Amun and Ptah, of Isis and of Hathor, that their forefathers had destroyed when first they invaded Egypt, and themselves made offerings in them, acknowledging these divinities.
The third largest lake in Africa has long been the economic hub for thousands of fishing communities along the lakefront areas.
In the sacred name of liberty, in the cause of brotherhood and equality, we were exhorted on every horizon to hold fast and change not.
The first articulate cry of Bolshevism in Russia after the overthrow of the monarchy was the demand “All power to the Soviets!” which the Bolshevist leaders raised in the summer of 1917 when the Provisional Government was bravely struggling to consolidate the democratic gains of the March Revolution.
There's no Judgment Day.
I have a good book with me.
I can only say that the crime for which we stand on trial to-day was justifiable, and needs no penalty to purge it.
One can legally do business with the so-called “occupied territories” in the east, but smugglers circumvent cumbersome legal procedures and opt to deliver goods clandestinely.
This is your opportunity to be his benefactor—to help provide for him in his old age and when he suffers from infirmities.
Throughout the brand-new circus were the eagerness, the gesticulations, shouts, and murmurs of an impatient throng.
Lymphatic filariasis, more commonly known as elephantiasis, afflicts many of the world's most vulnerable communities.
Having made out a list of the persons you intend to invite, proceed to write the notes; or have them written in a neat, handsome hand, by an experienced calligrapher.
He remained abroad seven years, spending the last four on the Continent, some transcriptions of his experience being found in the celebrated Marble Faun and in several volumes of Note-Books.
Yet he found himself incapable of correcting the false impression which he had wittingly given.
Animal Defenders International (ADI), an American-based non-profit group, said almost all of the animals were abused while in captivity—some are declawed and have broken teeth.
Only once, in August, 1904, have I caught sight of a party of long-tailed tits in the garden, but a friend who lived hardly a mile away used to tell me that little parties of eight or nine might be seen flying through his orchard nearly every winter.
A Tamil Nadu state government official said Tuesday that the short-finned pilot whales began washing up on beaches Monday evening.
Around them was spread the rich flora of the Carmel ridge, with occasional Druze villages nestling on its slopes; and close at hand the happy twittering of the birds fell on the fragrant air.
In hyperthyroidism, or high thyroid gland activity, the gland removes iodide ions from the blood stream more rapidly than normal.
He imprecated with a hoarse and furious voice a thousand curses upon those attendants who had permitted his captive to escape.
I'll bet you've had thousands of dreams about things that never happened, and yet here you're picking out one that appears to jibe with the prof's absence from Gold hill, and trying to make us think it's a warning.
The caricaturist simply reflected the opinion of his countrymen in insinuating that the Yankees had some understanding or sympathy with Bonaparte; but in this they were mistaken.
The doctor was sent for—came immediately—took Walter from the bed, laid him on the floor, and began pouring cold water upon him by the bucketful.
The next morning broke silently, and with the rising of the sun the plantation bell or the conch called the bondman and bondwoman into the cane-fields.
Coffee roasters combine beans from different areas to make coffees with different tastes and qualities.
Two of the former hostages said they spent two months in captivity and that seven captives were freed after their families paid ransom.
As the president suggested during his speech announcing Dr. Zerhouni's selection, the two men share similar outlooks on stem cell research.
While these may seem like mental frolics, they're similar to the speculations that led mathematicians, thousands of years ago, to suggest the world is round, instead of flat.
Somalia's prime minister this month announced a 30 percent quota for female lawmakers chosen in upcoming elections.
Why should anybody bother to agree or disagree with my very unaggressive opinions or criticise harshly a life which has been spent mainly in troubling the world as little as possible?
During the hearing, judges had criticized the government for a “regressive mindset” after it cited numerous reasons to limit women’s role in the army including “motherhood, childcare, and psychological limitations.”
The initiative in Berlin gives refugees and asylum seekers the opportunity to build furniture from planks of wood dismantled from the boats on which they escaped.
The head nurse came striding up, her leather heels clacking on the tile floor.
The Salt Institute, in the United States, says a person would have to eat more than one-and-a-half kilograms of iodized table salt daily to stop the thyroid from being able to absorb harmful particles.
O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
They must've gone to France.
They must've gone to Australia.
What's the official leaf of Canada?
In 203 he was proconsul in Upper Italy, where, in conjunction with the praetor P. Quintilius Varus, he gained a hard-won victory over Mago, Hannibal’s brother, in Insubrian territory, and obliged him to leave Italy.
Shakespeare could not have thrived under modern copyright laws.
Any child old enough to know that some men are married to women is old enough to know that some men are married to men and some women are married to women.
This will end in tears.
This is going to end in tears.
Dogs are funny.
Did you lose your car keys, by any chance? I found these on my driveway, and I know you drive a Honda, so...
Uranus is ugly.
Uranus is unremarkable.
Uranus is huge.
Uranus is gigantic.
Uranus is an ice giant.
What would it be like if I fell into Uranus?
Let's be neurodivergent together.
Tom gave Mary a free tattoo.
Tom got a free tattoo from Mary.
Tom gave Mary a tattoo.
Tom got a tattoo from Mary.
Tom and Mary are tattoo artists.
Tom designed Mary's tattoo.
Tom's new tattoo was designed by Mary.
All those who study dark magic go mad.
Modern copyright laws would have stifled Shakespeare.
Keep making a racket and I'll bite you.
For a time absolute silence brooded upon the sylvan scene, save for the humming of insects and the twittering of birds.
Each Carthusian lived in his cell, but each cell was a house, full of conveniences, with an extensive garden, in which they cultivated with the greatest care fruits and vegetables of the most delicious kinds.
The question of how far persons who are victims of diseased mind shall be held criminally responsible for their acts has vexed judges, jurors, doctors, and lawyers for the last hundred years.
That coin has the Hebrew abbreviation for "Land of Israel" on it.
The United Nations' top human rights official says the proliferation of crises brought on by conflict, climate change, poverty and discrimination are eroding people's fundamental rights and freedoms and threatening the stability of nations worldwide.
In this picture, they photoshopped it out.
I'm just acknowledging reality.
Capitalism ruins everything.
Psychopathic corporate executives are putting API access for social media sites behind paywalls, when they're already selling user data.
Health authorities in China’s northwestern Xinjiang province have launched a widespread testing effort in Kashgar after 137 new asymptomatic COVID-19 infections were discovered.
The agency says its biggest challenge so far has been providing enough shelter from the rain and cold in this upland area.
He said the Earth's orbit around the sun oscillates between elliptical and more circular.
The newly discovered species, named Siats meekerorum after a cannibalistic man-eating monster from Native American tribal legend, is one of the three largest carnivorous dinosaurs ever found in North America.
It has been said that the principal utility of abstraction is as an instrument in ratiocination.
The official languages of Chad are Arabic and French.
Perforating is only practiced by a small number of species of insects, and many but not all of the perforators do so because their tongues are too short to reach the nectar by entering the flower.
Chad is called "Tshād" in Arabic.
The official languages of Sudan are Arabic and English.
The official languages of Ethiopia are Afar, Amharic, Oromo, Somali, and Tigrinya.
The official languages of Djibouti are Arabic and French.
Good riddance to Silvio Berlusconi.
"Don't speak ill of the dead." "Don't be a piece of shit while you're alive."
Hetherwick threw the paper aside, left the club, and at the first newsagent's he came to bought another copy.
Our god demands a sacrifice.
Our god demands blood.
Gustav Klimt’s drawing, Two Reclining Figures, has resurfaced after being lost from the Lentos Museum in Linz for decades, apparently hidden in the home of a former assistant at the museum who retired in 1977.
"The Romans believed they dominated because they worshipped Jupiter better than any other nation." "How superstitious." "Well, things have certainly gone downhill for them ever since they stopped, haven't they?" "That's also superstitious."
No rush.
His hands as he spoke were restless, fidgeting with a piece of string which he tied and untied repeatedly.
Clarke Bedford is an artist who prides himself on always being a non-conformist.
The girl's conscience smote her, as never before had she neglected for so long a time to go and see the faithful carer of her own motherless infancy, or else send needful provision for her impoverished old age.
The shirring in Hennessy’s lips tightened, and he drew his breath in and out in a sort of asthmatic whistle.
And yet it was granted to Antenor, himself also a man of Troy, that he should escape from the Greeks, and coming to the Liburnian land, where Timavus flows with much noise into the sea, build a city and find rest for himself.
No contracts between Germans and Americans were to be canceled or suspended, nor were citizens of either country to be impeded in fulfilling their obligations arising thereunder.
The rose-garden no longer sees the knife of the pruner, but the trees grow and flower at their own sweet will, in careless disorder.
He set the two snifter glasses side by side and tilted the bottle.
Cows are exploited for milk.
Modern cyberpunk is a form of retrofuturism.
The coach looked Tom in the eye and said, "If you want to be a key player on this team, you've got to step up your game."
Political violence is paid for by politicians and their sponsors, or "godfathers", says Human Rights Watch, a non-governmental organization based in New York.
The commission said the researchers failed to act in accordance with "minimal respect of human rights" and that the work was sloppily done and ethically objectionable.
One late afternoon as the sun hung red in the purple mist, which rises from the rice fields beyond Honam, the Breton was dreaming as usual on the bund’s edge when a sampan gondoliered by a boat-girl glided to a landing stair not far from him.
The cows sometimes appear in the middle of major intersections, blithely unaware of honking horns and the rush-hour traffic that has screeched to a halt.
Religious freedom across the globe has been sharply curtailed over the last year, a U.S. watchdog agency concluded Monday.
It's the year 2154, and the world is starkly divided between the haves and the have-nots.
Most of us are closer to homelessness than we are to being a billionaire.
Homeless people have more in common with us than billionaires do.
Her exemplary life and extensive charity after that event, made amends for many errors committed in reaching the height of her ambition.
He noted that a serious global recession was very likely and that workers could be financially devastated, necessitating dramatic preventative action.
Israelis repeatedly shot Palestinians trying to cross into Israel in 2018-2019, so why complain when settlers are shot for being in Palestinian territory?
She stood there a little shyly at first, as slender and as gracefully upright as a birch, and her dark hair caught the fire of the sinking sun with a bronze glow like that of the turkey's wing.
If you didn't care when Gazans were being shot while trying to cross the border, why do you care that Israeli settlers are shot for being in the West Bank?
Russia has no right to Ukraine.
The propaganda about a "multipolar world" is just meant to get people not to look at the simple reality that Russia is engaged in a war of extermination against Ukrainians.
If you care about people and not about countries or political alliances, the Ukraine situation becomes much clearer, with a clear aggressor.
Ukrainians don't deserve to be invaded by a rapacious army.
Ukrainians have a right to live their lives in peace.
Ukrainians have a right to an identity.
Ukrainians have a right to their own language, culture, history, and destiny.
Ukrainians have a right to live free of the influence of the Kremlin.
Ukrainians don't want to be ruled by the Kremlin.
The Kremlin is forcing itself on Ukraine.
Stanford University electrical engineering professor Shanhui Fan said the panels—which include a layer of material similar to what is found in sand—act like a kind of high-tech mirror, both siphoning heat out of the buildings and reflecting the sun's rays, sending both 100 kilometers up into the coldness of space.
Ukrainians have made it clear, both at the polls and on the battlefield, that they reject Kremlin influence.
The Kremlin should go find some other country to bother besides Ukraine, like the many vassals it already has.
"Hey Tom, could you stop monopolizing every conversation?" "I can't believe you hate me for my controversial opinions."
"Tom, you talk for 20 minutes of every 30 minutes of conversation. Could you talk less?" "Wow, the woke mob is really after me for my opinions."
Ukraine said no.
"I'd like to start a multipolar world." "Cool, do it without invading Ukraine."
Russia's territory is already larger than that of the United States, without Ukraine and without its many allies.
The kingly emblems in King Egbert’s days were few and of no great value, probably nothing more than a crown and a sceptre.
Russia colonizing Ukraine has no impact on its ability to become a superpower again.
Russia already stretches from Europe to the very edge of Asia; it's already a colonial empire.
Russia is already the largest country in the world.
When it came time to christen the infant, the Prince of Wales sent word that he would act as godfather to the noble baby.
To Bohemia, which he inherited in 1253 from his father, Wenzel I., Ottokar had added by marriage and diplomacy Austria, Styria, Carinthia, and Carniola, and thus held a secure predominance in south-eastern Germany.
In 2018-2019 Palestinians were repeatedly gunned down for the "crime" of trying to cross the border and return to their homes.
Some economists, however, paint a gloomier picture—warning that the disruption to regional markets and trading is considerable.
If a Palestinian can be shot for crossing the border, why not an Israeli?
Recoiling in dismay from the difficulties presented by the study of mathematics and annoyed at his slow progress, he inquired of the celebrated geometer if there was not some royal road, could he not learn geometry more easily than by studying the Elements.
Eritrea has no official language.
The first Ptolemy founded a Macedonian or Greek dynasty that maintained supremacy in Egypt until the year 30 B.C.
If you have a good remedy for botts, you must get a botty horse somewhere and try the remedy before you submit it.
People who think Modern Hebrew is a completely separate language from Ancient Hebrew don't know the complete history of Ancient Hebrew.
My cousin is a Mason.
My cousin is a Freemason.
When are you people going to get it through your stubborn heads that the responsibility for this whole shebang is mine and mine alone?
Obstetric fistula is a hole between the vagina and rectum or bladder that is caused by prolonged obstructed labor, leaving a woman incontinent; unable to control the flow of her urine or her feces.
Ralph now learned who Bud Wilson was—a cow-puncher who had worked for Jack's father for many years, and had practically brought Jack up on the range.
Anyone should be allowed to live wherever they want, but you can't deny others freedom of movement while demanding it for yourself.
Mahmoud Abbas was chosen to be the Palestinian leader by George W. Bush and Ariel Sharon, who were looking for a way to subvert Yasser Arafat.
Ted Kaczynski was not a fascist, but he inspired armies of them.
No one has ever asked you to do that.
Are you getting up?
Don't let Cookie fool you. She's already been fed.
It's 2:30 on a Monday.
Your order has been delivered.
The word "tranny" is a transphobic slur.
American conservatives defend Andrew Tate because they're bad people.
Andrew Tate is a bad person who has always been open about being a monster.
Andrew Tate has a large following because there are a lot of awful people in the world who enjoy seeing other people get away with being awful. Thankfully, he's not getting away with it anymore.
Decolonization is, first and foremost, the physical return of land and property to the colonized.
You can tell Dylan Mulvaney is a woman by the way the right is pathologically obsessed with her.
The system is the problem.
Spirulina is blue.
Spirulina is high in protein.
You guys are going to hate this one.
Toplessness isn't shameful.
Trans women usually don't need breast implants.
"Everyone's bisexual." "No, everyone isn't. You are."
Sure, our house might have burned down, but at least we got a good pizza out of it.
Tom's unpredictable behavior always kept Mary on edge, never knowing what he would do next.
When a homeless Black person is murdered on the subway, the American right claims they deserve it. When a corrupt former president is formally charged for things where there is no debate over whether he did them, it's the biggest travesty of justice ever to them.
Real justice for Trump would be to treat him the way he treated Michael Reinoehl, but that will never happen.
Tom ran a marathon in under four hours.
Hormone replacement therapy for transgender people is lifesaving.
Puberty blockers for trans adolescents are lifesaving.
Puberty blockers for trans adolescents are safe.
Puberty blockers for trans adolescents are reversible.
Puberty blockers for trans adolescents save lives without introducing permanent changes.
Mastectomy is a lifesaving treatment for trans men.
Bottom surgery is lifesaving for trans people with genital dysphoria.
Drag is a much broader thing than right-wingers want to pretend.
Many drag shows are appropriate for children.
Drag queen story hour is designed to be appropriate for children.
Nazis marching outside libraries are not appropriate for children to see.
People marching with swastika flags are not appropriate for children.
A marathon is 26.2 miles.
Armed fascist paramilitaries shouting out slurs are not appropriate for children.
The Proud Boys are not appropriate for children. Drag queen story hour is.
Elsewhere on his travels, the ambassador says, he found San Francisco to be more like Europe than other American cities, and reminiscent of Amsterdam’s “artsy, slightly anarchistic” atmosphere.
The human body creates vitamin D through exposure to sunlight, and yet some of the sunniest parts of the world have the highest rates of vitamin D deficiency.
Hey, what's up, bro?
With dare-devil recklessness the notorious bandit eludes a posse of detectives and, assisted by only three companions, steals $10,000.
That wasn't me saying that.
That wasn't me who said that.
It wasn't I.
Further, human thought as expressed in literature is not an unconnected series of phases; it is one and indivisible.
I'm hypomanic.
They shared reminiscences and tested their memory of once-familiar people and places, especially from the international city of Shanghai.
The early lives of Harpalyce and Atalanta, the first known female warriors who were natives of Greece, resemble in some respects that of Semiramis.
My brain is being weird again.
We're both brainweird.
It's hard when you're brainweird.
Everyone in our polycule is brainweird in some way.
I'm a little brainweird.
Everyone in our house is brainweird.
Most of my friends are brainweird.
“Get out!” cried Hugh, pushing his brother’s hand away and walking off in high dudgeon, in search of Walter, who, for some reason, had not come with his sister.
The assembly therefore was prorogued for the space of ten days, and appointed to meet in the star-chamber at Westminster.
A new study says thawing permafrost, or soil that is usually frozen year-round, in the world's arctic regions is releasing greenhouse gases not accounted for in global estimates, making it more difficult to fight climate change.
My friend threw the paper aside, sniffed at the odour of burnt meat, and suggested that the Hag was endeavouring to asphyxiate us.
Around the pots, volunteers slather tuna, mayonnaise and chocolate (not all together) on baguettes.
His shoulders were broad, his hair black, his complexion swarthy, his arms remarkably long and nervous.
They recruited 10 volunteers to donate samples of their skin bacteria, and the volunteers had skin scrapings taken from 20 different locations on their bodies.
No matter what image the name Cleopatra conjures up—a seductress who swayed two Roman rulers, the actress Elizabeth Taylor or the tragic heroine in a play by William Shakespeare—Egypt's last queen continues to fascinate and intrigue more than 2,000 years after her death.
I believe that farmer was telling you a whopper when he said there was a robbers’ cave in these woods.
Mary's cryptic message left Tom on edge, wondering what she meant.
Oi, you lot, come over here and help me with the cleaning.
Mary practiced her keepy-uppies diligently and impressed everyone with her ball control skills.
"Next question, for 10 points: What song themed around a country topped the charts in the US in 1983?" "Hey, no fair! I hadn't even been born then!"
Keir Starmer sees himself as a conservative.
Do you have anxiety?
I've got serious anxiety problems.
I'm schizoaffective.
I have a very low sex drive.
It's not technically an opera, but a cantata.
The billionaire class is making a concerted effort to dismantle popular tools for spreading information, such as Twitter and Reddit.
The billionaire class is nearly united in their efforts to destroy our social media infrastructure.
Elon Musk had nothing to do with Twitter, but he has the ability to destroy it for everyone.
The current people in charge of Reddit had nothing to do with making it what it is today, but they have the ability to destroy it for everyone.
Capitalism gives an insane amount of power to people who did not earn it.
The billionaire class felt threatened by what Reddit and Twitter enabled their users to do, so they broke them.
The small group of billionaires hoarding all the power and resources need to be deposed for the sake of humanity. The clock is running out.
Instead of saying TERF, say transphobe, because many of them (such as Posie Parker) are openly anti-feminist.
Instead of calling them TERFs, call them trans eradicationists, since many aren't feminists.
Elon Musk pretends to care about kids, but his children hate him.
Elon Musk couldn't even name all his children.
Silicon Valley CEOs are a uniquely psychopathic and parasitic bunch.
Rust will not let you write unsafe code from the start. You must handle all errors.
I've been searching for many years for systems, frameworks and methods to make my code more reliable. We as developers accept that our lives are governed by errors. I am here to tell you that it doesn't have to be that way.
No matter how clever your language is, the processor running your code only understands bits and a few operators.
You can probably read this without my help.
You are either for religious freedom or for making laws based on your religion. You cannot be for both.
I've never meowed.
I haven't mown the lawn in a while.
The 80s were dark times.
If you really want to fight pedophiles, fight the Catholic Church instead of scapegoating LGBTQ people.
American conservatives love actual human traffickers like Andrew Tate.
A lot of the most vicious transphobes are chasers.
If not for all its open rigging of elections, the U.S. Republican Party would have far less power than it does now.
"Q told me that Democrats rigged the election." "Republicans are rigging elections out in the open."
He then proceeds to introduce his illustrious interlocutors, and leads them at first to discourse on the astronomical laws that regulate the revolutions of our planet.
A meningitis vaccine that costs 50 cents a dose and can be transported and stored for as long as four days without refrigeration or an icepack is available in Africa, and has already had a dramatic impact in fighting the disease in the parts of Burkina Faso and Chad where it has been administerd.
Mary got Tom every which way and then some.
As a variety of ware it stands so entirely alone that had it arrived unlabeled no one would have recognized its affinities with Chiriquian art.
The decontamination will involve testing and gathering affected soil and heating it to high temperature to burn off leftover dioxin.
Without voter suppression, the U.S. Republican Party would never win elections.
Arabic-speaking Jews and Christians also call God Allah, because it's just the word for God, closely related to the Hebrew and Aramaic words for the same thing.
God is called Elohim in Hebrew, Elaha in Aramaic, and Allah in Arabic.
I'm the human cannonball that they're going to shoot through space.
There have been previous attempts to end the conflict, but regional experts say the new peace overtures look promising.
More than 64 years after the last great Zeppelin airship, the Hindenburg, went down in flames over Lakehurst, New Jersey, a new Zeppelin has begun passenger flights in Germany.
I work to the extent my disability allows.
What's up, kitty-cat?
And now it was Philip who spoke in those unmerciful tones, whose stern face was turned away, as if he could not endure to look at him.
If you're not willing to provide standard best-practice health care to your patients, you should sell your hospital to someone who is.
In the chapel, electric lamps shed a glow over the stained-glass windows, which shone like fiery kaleidoscopes.
A schoolteacher from the American state of Alabama will spend the next year as an international ambassador for education.
With trawling nets, underwater cameras and an onboard laboratory, researchers are taking a census of the various forms of life that thrive on the ocean floor and in waters as deep as 2,000 meters below the surface.
Not being able to investigate every point of systematical and physiological botany thoroughly himself, he, with amiable deference, often trusted to those who had more particularly studied certain subjects.
Someone gave this to me when I was homeless years ago.
Nevertheless the use of aluminum will remain limited, even in case the cost of manufacturing it could be materially reduced, until some method shall have been discovered by which aluminum may be soldered.
The twister demolished an elementary school and reduced homes to piles of splintered wood in Moore, a suburb of Oklahoma City.
Every officer who fails in this respect, is to be punished and cashiered.
A mizzling rain darkened the atmosphere, and the leafless trees presented a scene of external desolation, that in some degree corresponded with the mental gloom of the travellers.
Golden discusses various instances of espionage in academia and said the free flow of ideas and cultural exchange fostered by universities make them vulnerable to acts of espionage.
The International Health Regulations were last revised in 2005 and grew out of the response to deadly epidemics that once overran Europe.
Satire has a point, and that point can be criticized like any serious argument.
Satire uses humor to make serious statements about society. Those statements can be criticized.
It was like an explosion, an exultation of human voice unchained, ebullient with the love of life, savage in its good-humor.
A lot of people died on crosses back then.
A lot of Jews died on crosses back then.
A lot of people have claimed to be the Messiah.
There's a new episode.
The New York Times is a center-right publication.
The New York Times is a center-right publication in many ways, but it gives ample space to the far right and little to the far left.
Bill Clinton was right-wing, like Tony Blair.
The 90s were such a bleak dystopian hellscape that people like Bill Clinton and Tony Blair were the best some countries had to offer for "opposition" to the reactionary zeitgeist.
Even Biden is leagues better than Clinton was.
I'm still exhausted from it all.
He didn't do the things that the Messiah was prophesized to do.
Why isn't wage theft punished as harshly as other theft?
Marten are the most widespread and probably the most abundant of these predators in Southeast Alaska.
"I'm from the future, but I've been in the past for the last twenty years." "How do you keep track?" "There's an app."
Some baby birds are ugly.
Baby starlings are ugly.
Reptiles are paraphyletic with respect to birds.
Mary's friends chipped in to create a surprise gift kitty for her upcoming birthday.
In a second survey of students attending four universities in China's southern Fujian Province, 92 percent of students said that premarital sex was acceptable.
Analysts say the bank needs support from local fintech giants and big retailers to build the infrastructure, including distribution channels for the national virtual currency, which is being tested in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen.
The state of Texas is associated around the world with the image of cowboys mounted on horses herding longhorn cattle, but at least one Texan prefers to mount a different sort of animal when he goes on treks through his state's wilder desert regions.
The subject is altogether too serious, and involves issues too grave, to allow one to indulge in one-sided statements, garbled facts, or lying statistics.
There has been no general food distribution in these camps since mid May and people are surviving on cassava foraged in the surrounding bush.
Mr. Pye crossed the nave, and quitted the cathedral by the cloister door, followed by the choristers.
The scientists say they unearthed two enormous vertebrae and a femur, or thigh bone, of a plant-eating sauropod species called Alamosaurus.
The ancient Egyptians are generally thought to have been the first to tame them, breeding them to produce a distinct new species about 4,000 years ago, but researchers have long suspected that wild cats began associating with humans much earlier, although they had limited evidence.
The islands of Great Britain and Ireland were disputed by a crowd of princes of Saxon or Scottish origin: and, after the loss of Spain, the Christian and Gothic kingdom of Alphonso the Chaste was confined to the narrow range of the Asturian mountains.
Immediately after the inundation is imbibed, the Beduins sow the seed upon the alluvial mud, without any previous preparation whatever.
Martians live on Mars.
"I woke up to Cookie barking." "That parrot is something else."
The EU initially planned to use AstraZeneca as a linchpin in its vaccination campaign.
Chris Johnson, like millions of Americans, is looking for help during these unusual times. That help could soon be on the way. In the Senate version of the $1.9 trillion stimulus bill, there are a few change-ups.
Narwhals are commonly called sea unicorns because of the males' long single tusk, almost half the length of their body.
The WHO said the outbreak began with a pregnant woman in Equateur province who fell sick with Ebola-like symptoms after butchering an animal killed by her husband.
Accordionist Oscar Rospide, a native of Argentina, has been entertaining crowds for nearly 70 years with Latin and European compositions.
Chan says a high-level meeting convened by WHO looked at the scientific evidence linking Zika infections with malformation and neurological disorders.
Fish such as sardines and anchovy can get poisoned when they eat plankton that have eaten the algae.
Sitting at rows of sewing machines, 40 men are making clothes ranging from little girls' party dresses to trendy, silk tops detailed with intricate embroidery.
Other conservative critics said the children were victims of “politically correct teaching” and the campaign was a ploy to “weaponize children for political purposes.”
Darwin's health prevented more than two hours' work a day, and the flimsiest of novels was his needful relaxation.
The image of Beijing as a city of bicycles is rapidly fading as more Beijingers, with higher incomes than ever and a yearning for freedom to go where they want, get behind the wheel in larger numbers.
So, at the garden, makeshift scarecrows stand guard over the crops by day, and by night, families fearing their crops will be destroyed take turns sleeping in tents.
Yet, after marching to Trenton, Washington's troops do surprise the Hessian mercenaries who are in position there.
There, in the slum's alleys and byways, hundreds of tiny businesses flourish.
Cassini first confirmed the presence of liquid ethane in a lake called Ontario Lacus, in Titan’s southern hemisphere, during its 2008 flyby of the Saturnian moon.
HMAS Adelaide was to have been scuttled in March, 1.5 kilometers off Avoca Beach north of Sydney in New South Wales, to create an artificial diving site.
Chickens and pigs forage for food in the hardscrabble earth around wooden houses on stilts.
In now reprinting the two, as one, it has not been difficult to give continuity to the whole: this has been effected, partly by removing from each volume portions which seemed to be of secondary importance, and to be not closely related to the principal intention of the work; and partly by introducing several entire chapters of new material; and by the insertion of additional paragraphs throughout.
Other birds, such as cocks, quails and partridges, are commonly used in these decorative illuminations, and this class of ornament was probably derived from Persia, under the Sasanian Dynasty, when decorative art and skilful handicrafts flourished to a very remarkable extent.
Mr. Walker made good money building automobile radiators—enough that he can now afford to collect, recondition, display in that shed—and light upon request—hundreds of nostalgic neon signs.
My grandfather was a doctor.
The weather is supposed to be nice.
We're going to the beach on the lake.
Is the Caspian Sea a lake?
What causes waves?
If Jews had all the power in America, Yom Kippur would be a national holiday instead of Christmas.
If Jews had all the power in America, we'd be able to take off for Shabbat without endangering our jobs.
If Jews had all the power in America, fascists wouldn't attack us. They would distract from us using some other group.
The purpose of fascism is to rescue the powerful.
Fascism is capitalism in crisis mode.
If Jews had all the power in America, American foreign policy towards Israel would not involve blanket acceptance of every single one of its actions, as Evangelicals insist upon.
Tom doesn't want to put his grandma in a home.
People who don't like capitalism think Jews are capitalists, while people who don't like communism think Jews are communists.
People who don't like white people think Jews are white, while people who like white people think Jews are not white.
Tom rode shotgun.
Tom called shotgun.
Tom's riding shotgun.
Tom was riding shotgun.
Tom already called shotgun.
I'm having a migraine aura.
I'm seeing a migraine aura.
Pull over if you need to.
Do you want to switch?
I'll let you know if it gets worse.
I need to refill my EZPass.
Which of these trees are native?
That's an invasive species.
How's my driving?
I get anxiety when I'm not in the driver's seat.
I get anxiety when I drive.
We're about thirty minutes away.
Look at how orange the sun is.
How fast does Earth rotate?
Cookie cried the whole time Tom was away.
Tom's father is a banker from Boston.
Tom's father is a brawler.
We just watched a bunch of those videos.
I wouldn't want a pet turtle.
The phone usually wakes me up.
Cookie spends a lot of time around Tom.
I work with Tom and Mary.
Cat tongues feel funny.
We were just on our way home.
Not all birds fly.
You have to say it like that.
Our country shouldn't exist.
Tom is a wannabe poet.
It's okay to admit you're wrong.
Why am I not invited?
You broke everything!
Kittens are extra adorable because they're the baby version of a baby-sized animal.
Things have gotten much better.
Things have gotten much better since then.
Noxious fumes are likely present.
You know we can't trust the police.
Why is this pizza so bad?
What's the name of your ISP?
We have completely different ways of communicating and of thinking about the world.
They shared an orange.
Did you guys think Tom was into heavy metal or something?
I'm going to make some oatmeal; does anyone else want some?
Whoops! Dropped my garbage!
Tom likes to make up stories.
The two of us are sharing an orange.
I studied for the exam and didn't even end up having to take it.
Yesterday was hotter.
Yesterday was colder.
It was colder yesterday.
It was warmer yesterday.
Yesterday was warmer.
It was hotter yesterday.
Do you know where Tim Horton's is?
We have ways of making you use Facebook.
That's quite suspicious.
I watched three movies on the plane.
Tom is quick to give advice, despite his complete lack of life experience.
The office's air conditioning works now.
The air conditioning works now.
Tom makes hand sanitizer.
I spoke to everyone except Tom.
Tom speaks in run-on sentences.
What's this little thing?
I haven't prayed yet.
Tom isn't bi. He's gay.
Mary's wife is asexual.
The company also offers areas to work, as well as armchairs, newspapers and coffee for those not wishing to sleep.
Researcher Rhoel Ramos Ding-lasan dissects the type of mosquito that transmits the malaria parasite that kills about three million people each year around the world.
To seek to disturb this state of innocence and obedience by moody polemics, he felt, instinctively, to be wrong.
If they do not agree they will without scruple act contrary to that decision.
The orchestra employed is the usual large orchestra of the moderns, and Puccini adds a third flute, a contrabassoon, a celesta, and for the special effects in the opening of the third act a set of bells.
The benefits to becoming a micronation are that you're independent and therefore you are not any longer under the rule and laws of the country.
O Coffee, thou dispellest the cares of the great; thou bringest back those who wander from the paths of knowledge!
Predation by introduced foxes may have altered the distribution of tufted puffins, which now nest primarily on fox-free islets just offshore from the larger islands where foxes occur.
And when he discovered that I played on the violin, nothing would pacify him until I had brought it down and given him a tune.
She said the restoration of the hypogeum was very complex adding that “each stone here is a witness of everything that occurred under the great arena of the Colosseum from its inauguration in AD 80 to its final performance in AD 523.”
Do clones have souls?
Is it ethical to clone humans?
Pride is a sin.
Gluttony is a sin.
Sloth is a sin.
Lust is a sin.
Greed is a sin.
Envy is a sin.
Wrath is a sin.
There are two types of pride.
French has two words for pride, one positive and one negative.
Not everyone is Catholic.
Mixing milk and meat is a sin.
Humility is a virtue.
Temperance is a virtue.
Charity is a virtue.
Chastity is a virtue.
Most Americans aren't Catholic, and most American Catholics are left-leaning.
I regret supporting your application.
Fuck your religion.
Go talk about your religion with other people who care.
There's a difference between the pride of the Pope living in his grand palace and the pride of people who are told every day to feel shame over who they are.
Molesting children is a sin.
"Your pride parade is a sin." "Your bishop helps priests get away with molesting children."
Recalling his own youth, he says teenagers are often immature hooligans.
This year, every far-right person is attacking the LGBTQ community during Pride Month in a coordinated effort.
It's a coordinated effort by the entire far right.
Only people on the far right do this.
"Gender ideology is the greatest threat to civilization." "Your church fucks children and covers it up."
Your religion doesn't apply to me.
Your religion doesn't apply to anyone, really, except the people who voluntarily follow it.
The cat is here.
When deciding whether to take pride in being gay against a society telling me not to, I don't first consult a Scientologist, nor a Catholic.
Catholicism is just one of many thousands of religions out there, and deserves no special place among them.
But for the record, there are always tons of Catholics at Pride, even straight ones.
Also last week, scientists in the United States announced that they have remade the so-called Spanish flu virus.
It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.
Altogether, it’s about 4.5 tons of much needed supplies, including face masks, coveralls, sardines and powdered milk.
Owing to past experience with discrimination, Catholics in the United States tend to be a tolerant bunch.
The histories of American Catholics and American Jews are intertwined.
Irish people, Italian people, and Eastern European Jews started coming to America in large numbers around the same time.
Jews are increasingly unsafe in the United States and Britain.
Jews are increasingly unsafe in France.
You're reading too much into it.
Some things are meant to be taken at face value.
The moisture from my breath had congealed in my beard, until that appendage felt like an iron mask.
Already endangered by overfishing and disease, the authors of a new study say oysters are becoming smaller and less robust as greenhouse gases alter the acidity of water in estuaries and ecosystems where they live.
I find Tom abrasive.
There's no living room.
Every rook within a mile flew from its eyrie and cawed strenuously.
A byte was originally the number of bits required to represent a single character of text.
James Joyce's Dubliners is one of my favorite short story collections.
You're super important, Tom.
Tom gets offended all the time.
Why did you all think that Tom didn't like heavy metal?
Tom is trying to discredit Mary.
Cut the acorn squash in half.
Wouldn't you all like to share an orange?
I just realized I'm not dreaming.
Love changed almost everything.
You guys smell like garbage.
Tom would always say that.
Can I see your book?
They tried to convince me to do it three times.
Maybe we don't have to say it.
Do elephants climb trees?
Do we want a lawyer?
Thus, one of the loveliest of earthly paradises was doomed to be a receptacle for the very worst of malefactors.
The English word "pride" conflates separate concepts.
Money is so taken for granted that there is little awareness of its significance as a technology.
Coupons and loyalty chits have traditionally been gimmicks, sometimes luring the incautious into spending more than they would have without the coupons, the loyalty reward catalogs being loaded with cheap and chintzy goods.
Although valuable things may require a lot of resources to create, it is not then equally true that using a lot of resources to create things grants them value.
This home, so new to her, was equally for me the oldest, the most familiar of all places on the earth; whose least details, whose feeblest blade of grass were known to me since the earliest and most impressible days of my existence.
Although there's public fuss over the idea of purchases being monitored by retailers, few customers actually worry about having their purchases recorded.
The wing membrane of the pterosaurs was supported by the vastly stretched fourth digit of the forefeet.
To conceal that the country of ultimate destination for the items was China, Corezing has used various tactics or stratagems, including providing, both directly and through others, false end-user statements to U.S. exporters and suppliers.
Some regard Monsanto's lawsuits as a stratagem to impose costly delays on Argentine soy meal exports to Europe, and thereby pressure the Argentine government to change its seed laws to suit the company.
By a daring, but treacherous stratagem, Pizarro got possession of the king, who had come by invitation on a friendly visit.
I have no objection to your calling in your friend if I may call in mine.
He handed the young peasant who was holding his horse half a krone, and then walked briskly into the castle.
Is everything good?
And just how does Tom intend to do that?
I'm not Canadian; I'm from Australia.
It's outside the realm of possibility.
We think the world of Tom.
If you do everything you can, God may just make a bet with Satan to fuck up your life and test your faith.
If you do everything you can, God may just decide to screw with you anyway, as he did with Job.
This shirt is 100% cotton.
That's a decision to be made by all of us together.
I don't think Tom's altruism is sincere.
Tom didn't witness the assault.
Your cat loves you.
Isn't sugar bad for you?
I think it's warm enough to open up a window.
Tom was burnt at the stake as a heretic.
Tom was burnt at the stake as a heretic for proposing that pineapples be eaten on pizza.
Mary is a tomboy. Her friend Tom is a trans boy.
I know you weren't asleep.
I'm going to lay down my weapons.
I was born on Earth.
"I was born on Earth." "Yeah, yeah, that's what they all say."
Tom isn't a patient person.
I won't sleep in my car.
You paint?
"Pride is a sin." "Priests diddle kids."
The powerful cabal of elite pedophiles you're looking for is known as the Catholic Church.
We have Pride parades because we've been made to feel ashamed of who we are since childhood.
I was bullied for being gay at an age when kids are, in the eyes of conservatives, too innocent to learn about the existence of gay people.
I heard my first AIDS joke in first grade from another kid.
Dan opened the door to find a ham on his doorstep with swastikas carved in it.
Twenty years of life in London society had so thoroughly Anglicised the Count, that his conversation had become perfectly insular, and the Italian accent was only noticeable at times.
No man in all Edos, save the King, is so powerful as he, nor is there a bigger blackguard within its walls.
This is evident from the conversation in Crete between Plato and his Gnosian and Spartan companions.
The government’s move paves the way for importation of GMO products, which the government says will help boost food security.
We do not seek to limit your expression of ideas, but material that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, violent, pornographic, threatening, harassing, discriminatory or that constitutes hate speech or is illegal is not allowed and may be deleted at the discretion of the site management.
The Count was very brief in his greetings, and indicated, as plainly as he could without saying it in so many words, that he did not acknowledge the pretensions of the usurper.
You smell like garbage.
African nations agreed in 1988 in Yamoussoukro, Ivory Coast, to create one vast, free civilian airspace—stretching from the mouth of the Nile to the Cape of Good Hope, from the Gulf of Guinea to the Horn of Africa.
Actually, he shouldn't have been so snappy with the young man; he hated to admit he was growing cranky with age.
That show has huge bisexual energy.
Cisgender heterosexuality is shoved down everyone's throats.
The problem with capitalism is the people responsible for the world's problems end up becoming the ones with the power and resources necessary to end them.
If money was a reward for hard work, there would be no billionaires.
About 21 percent of the Dalit population lives in Uttar Pradesh, India's most populous state.
In addition, they sell hooded T-shirts with the Abbey logo, scented soaps and biscotti.
If you are old enough to remember the 1960 U.S. presidential election, it was believed John F. Kennedy’s youthful appearance and vigor swept him into office over Richard Nixon, who appeared sallow and pale in a television debate.
RFK, Jr. is the dumbest Republican running for the U.S. Presidential Election. He's so dumb, he didn't even check the right party.
RFK, Jr. is the guy for Democrats who think Biden isn't right-wing enough.
Biden is a conservative.
Tom's nerves were getting the best of him before his French test, so he decided to have a small glass of brandy to gather some Dutch courage.
At home, he has seen inoffensive watering places bombarded by pirate craft which came up out of the sea like malignant wraiths and then fled away like panic-stricken window-smashers.
Growth for growth's sake is the ideology of the cancer cell.
I now asked myself—still in connection with my son-in-law’s extravagant expenditure—whether the clew to the mystery might not haply be the forging of bank-notes on the other side of the baize door.
Tatoeba could use more Indian English sentences from native speakers.
I don't know what it is about clowns, but they always give me the willies.
I am holding in my hand a microfilm of very highly confidential secret State Department documents.
I don't care if you think what I'm doing is a sin. Keep your religion to yourself.
Andrew Tate is the manosphere personality who was caught.
I don't care if you think what I'm doing is a sin. I don't practice your religion.
I don't care if you think I'm a sinner. Your religion has nothing to do with me.
Antivax nonsense kills.
Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. makes me feel better about Biden.
The U.S. has a two-tiered justice system where people like Kyle Rittenhouse get to plead self-defense while people like Michael Reinoehl are murdered by U.S. marshals without trial.
I love orcas.
Orcas attacked a yacht.
The orcas are organizing.
The orcas are orca-nizing.
The billionaires sleep with the fishes.
The Titanic has claimed more victims.
The FBI bombed Judi Bari and framed her for her own bombing.
I'm going to need to see your credentials.
I can't let you into the building.
You need to use the main entrance.
The side entrance is locked.
The rules are very simple.
The rules are fairly complicated.
I asked if Tom could explain the rules of the game to us.
The game was a lot of fun.
The myth says that all the gods and goddesses were sitting around the table to celebrate the marriage of Thetis and Peleus.
Something that’s been creating a lot of buzz within the tech industry is the “Internet of Things”, such as Wi-Fi enabled thermostats as well as washers and dryers.
At eleven o’clock it was reported to the Captain that we were nearing the woodyard, the light being distinctly seen by the pilot on duty.
Nannie's hand dived into her small pocket, and re-appeared with two nickels and a copper.
In this year’s ad, the wiener dogs are running towards people dressed in costumes to look like ketchup and mustard.
This Pandit is considered the greatest Sanskritist of modern India and is an absolute enigma to everyone.
Government videos depict images of past Ottoman Empire glories, and promise to extend Turkish influence across the Mediterranean and beyond.
Sigmund Freud was born May sixth, eighteen fifty-six, in Moravia, in what is now the Czech Republic.
There are three different kinds of hulling and separating machines now in operation in California, all invented by California almond growers.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
Tom added a touch of red wine to his spag bol sauce, which elevated the flavours and gave it a rich and robust taste.
Honey, why does this tomato have eyes?
As there were supposed to be four elements, fire, air, water, and earth, so there were supposed to be four classes of elementals or spirits of the elements, namely, Salamanders, Sylphs, Undines, and Gnomes, inhabiting these elements respectively, and deriving their characters therefrom.
Amid the hustle and bustle of the city, Bostonians can find a small piece of country life at the weekly City Hall Farmers' Market.
Making it possible to select hiragana transcriptions with the mouse would be very helpful to people who haven't mastered hiragana, like myself.
Sprightly little goatherds, whose heads are the heads of fauns, and whose half naked and ruddy bodies are often clad in skins, ramble over the precipitous hills with nimble herds able to crop a living from mere stone-piles; and the fauns, Pan-like, pipe to their goats strains Theocritus might have loved.
Like other studies, it indicated that women are much better than men at empathizing with others, regardless of any familial or cultural influences.
The microbicide is predicted to have long-lasting effects in mice and could lead to the development of an intravaginal microbicide to protect women against HIV infection, possibly for weeks at a time.
In French, a forename is sometimes joined to a surname by a hyphen.
In the case of Normandy, for instance, one man looks for magnificent architecture alone, another for country scenes, another for peasant life, and each and all will cavil at a book which does not cater for their particular taste.
Conversely, police and security officials say even when cameras do not always prevent crimes, they can be deterrents and aid in catching those who commit them.
Plate tectonics is the area of science that explains why the Earth’s surface moves, and how those changes cause earthquakes and volcanic activity.
Political parties across Europe are kicking off their campaigns for possibly the most consequential EU election since 1979, when voters began casting ballots for a European parliament.
Elon Musk is a straight white cis man.
J.K. Rowling is a straight white cis woman.
The existence of the word cisgender is implied by the word transgender.
A common union-busting technique is to give non-union employees a surprise raise that you withhold from union employees, even though you wouldn't have given the raises out if the union weren't there in the first place.
There are a lot of languages I'm a casual learner of, but have never seriously devoted myself to learning.
He felt like he had to do something about it, so he went over to the meetinghouse to see if he could find out what could be done.
A court had earlier found her guilty of misusing foreign money meant for an aid organization.
The report says that in the last decade, remittances have outstripped inflows of foreign direct investment to the least developed countries (LDCs).
"Really, this is comfortable!" said I, glancing around the handsomely furnished parlour of my young friend Brainard, who had, a few weeks before, ventured upon matrimony, and was now making his first experiments in housekeeping.
Laura turned the spray-nozzle of the hosepipe upon the tin roof and against the side of the house.
I have a thyroid problem.
Sixty-seven percent of voters said yes to the referendum, meaning that the small Baltic nation will join nine other countries who've already approved the move to expand the EU to 25 nations from the current 15.
It's going to be like thirty dollars.
It's going to be about thirty dollars.
It was like thirty dollars.
It was about thirty dollars.
Like, so what?
The heroine was a famous member of the Russian Imperial Ballet who, though she had not then danced in London—her genius being too precious in her own country—had been here unprofessionally as a sightseer; and it was here that the adventure which is the foundation of this narrative befell.
LGB and TQ are not separable phenomena.
Before T was added to LGB, trans people were there anyway. That's why it was added.
Every trans person is viewed as gay by society.
The overwhelming majority of LGB people don't support removing TQ from the acronym.
Any sampling of LGB people is going to include trans people.
"I'm a trans lesbian." "No you're not. You're just a straight man appropriating homosexuality." "I'm dating another trans woman." "Oh, then you're just a fag." "Well, I'm glad you're so concerned about the appropriation of homosexuality." "Shut up, fag."
Most trans lesbians date other trans women.
90% of the time when people criticize "Abrahamic religion," they mean Christianity.
These are some of the flavors I love and that I link with American cuisine, but I also could not live without cumin, cardamom, lemongrass, dill, ginger and rosemary.
I legiterally hate neologisms.
The experimental treatment aims to supply kids and adults with a healthy version of the gene they lack, using a tool that cuts or "edits" DNA in a specific spot.
Surfing started in Hawaii, but Californians adopted the sport early and popularized it around the world.
The rolling of the sea had abated somewhat, and Jim looked out of an open porthole.
The ordinary croup of infants is spasmodic croup, and is very rarely dangerous, although the symptoms seem very alarming.
He laments the erosion of these rights, noting that no country is immune.
After helpings of Sue Smith's fried catfish and rhubarb pie, Ms. Bruce, and anyone else from Chase County who has the nerve, gather around keyboardist Bones Ownbey.
Ladybug, ladybug, fly away home. Your house is on fire and your children are gone.
The "drop the T" movement was started by a guy who now identifies as ex-gay.
Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito are compromised and should be removed from office.
Brett Kavanaugh is a rapist and should be removed from office.
Neil Gorsuch was appointed in a highly irregular manner after a seat was held open for him by Mitch McConnell instead of hearing the nominations of Barack Obama, so he should be removed from office.
Amy Coney Barrett lied in her confirmation hearing and should be removed from office.
Amy Coney Barrett is a member of a weird religious cult that demands total female submission to men, so she should be removed from office and replaced with someone who answers to no one.
If cis was a slur, you'd be allowed to say it on Elon Musk's Twitter.
Tom's the baby of the family.
Tom is the oldest, Mary is in the middle, and John's the baby.
I just made $30.
I just made three hundred bucks.
The billionaires died fast.
Capitalism killed four billionaires.
Poor safety practices are common among people who prioritize profit above all else.
Arn Chorn-Pond sits with his eyes closed, exhaling as his fingers dart along his bamboo flute.
He seems to hear and see what passes about him, but his thoughts are otherways employed.
His resignation appears to have assuaged union leaders, who have expressed hope for better relations between management and employees.
He played guitar and harmonica in a folk-jazz style that pre-dated Bob Dylan; his harmonica playing was a highlight in Midnight Cowboy and Sesame Street; and his whistling solo will forever be remembered in a television commercial for "Old Spice" aftershave.
Pulsars are compact and rapidly rotating neutron stars which are the remains of stars that have exploded.
Another orca attacked a yacht in completely different waters.
Sorry, bud.
I can't face up to living with a world of supermen, people who can do everything better than I can.
'I fear,' said Miss Ward commiseratingly, 'that you will not see your valuables again.'
At the age of 29, Haibin Liang became a crewman on international cargo ships.
Many people do not give the cause much chance of gaining traction, while others are openly dismissive of the idea.
Taiwan is home to Indigenous peoples who have no say in the dispute between two factions of their colonizers.
Indigeneity only matters selectively to the so-called "anti-imperialist" bloc.
"This was Seneca land." "This IS Seneca land."
We see too many governments muzzling journalists and quashing dissent and censoring the flow of information.
Taiwan is the center of diversity for the Austronesian languages.
In 1957, in Stockholm, element 102 was reported found by an international team of scientists (who called it nobelium), but diligent and extensive research failed to duplicate the Stockholm findings.
Last week, Guterres renewed his call for the world to stop “sleepwalking” and urgently address climate change challenges.
But when women with repeated UTIs were given supplemental estrogen through the vaginal canal, he said the hormone restored the integrity of the bladder's cellular lining to that of healthier tissue seen in younger, premenopausal women.
The “free” as well as the “federate” city has the right to accept or decline a legislative proposal put before it by the Roman government.
The elder one suicided within a decade, and the younger dragged the weary chain of life until he was sixty; then death released him.
Time and elasticity of boyhood had so closed the sharp but evanescent wound in Billy's heart that he could stand the trial of being groomsman where he had wanted to be groom—more especially since he was supported through the emergency by a little sister of Lottie's who promised to be wondrously like her by the time Billy could stand up in the more enviable capacity.
For here is the heart of the eastern portion of the continent, geographically, climatologically, and mineralogically.
Some extremely rich people died doing something only extremely rich people can do.
The calls for help of a boat full of refugees were ignored as a multimillion dollar search was launched for four rich guys who wanted to take selfies at the Titanic shipwreck.
It's perverse that the lives of four rich guys are worth more than hundreds of refugees.
There has never been a communist country. Communism is a classless society.
She turned to me, speaking at the top of her voice, with the obvious intention of making her words audible to whomsoever the house might contain.
There have been a number of Marxist-Leninist countries. Marxism-Leninism has never been synonymous with socialism.
Both vaccines, according to the WHO, are pending regulatory and ethics approvals from the Ugandan government.
The fact is, Gary Murtagh says, older Americans are far more adventuresome than the public realizes.
Roesler pulled his penknife from a coat pocket and began trimming his nails.
To disturb a Nomenclature of long standing, to set aside terms in familiar use, and to set up others in their place which are strange, and therefore at first unintelligible, involves an interruption of that facility with which we are accustomed to communicate with one another on any given subject, that is only to be justified by reasons of a cogent and satisfactory nature.
One person was wiser than any of his neighbors; another was stupider; and somebody else was always hungrier.
Those at higher risk for the disease or complications include women who are pregnant, children and people who are immunocompromised.
All of the big mines in the Pacific Northwest have sealable rooms, stocked with compressed air.
The story that Anaxagoras wrote a treatise on perspective as applied to scene-painting is most improbable; and the statement that he composed a mathematical work dealing with the quadrature of the circle is due to misunderstanding of an expression in Plutarch.
"I think my ideal temperature is like 68." "No, your ideal temperature is 98.6, same as mine."
However, scientists want to guarantee that the chemicals do not kill helpful insects, such as egg parasitoids.
The manor was built in 1748 by Frederick van Cortlandt, the patriarch of a prominent Dutch mercantile family.
That all changed Sunday night, as the 23-year-old singer took home an armload of Grammy Awards, eight in all.
With Democrats holding the majority of seats on each of the Senate’s 20 standing committees, it could possibly be easier for the new president to advance his legislative priorities.
Like all water-spirits, Nereus possessed the gift of prophecy, though he did not always choose to make use of it.
The hijackers eventually surrendered after releasing all of their hostages in three separate groups.
But man was a sturdy race, which had fought for existence through a million years, and the training of a million years does not slough quickly from any form of life, so their energies were bent to mock battles now, since real ones no longer existed.
The first batch of eight African cheetahs was airlifted from Namibia and released in the park in September 2022, marking the beginning of the Indian government’s ambitious Cheetah Introduction Project (CIP) to reintroduce the big cats to India.
Facing seven charges, including organizing and participating in unauthorized assemblies and inciting others to take part in unauthorized assembly, the 72-year-old media tycoon looked fatigued as he sat down in his office, though his usual feisty spirit picked up as he started talking.
As voters lined up outside the polls in Cairo Saturday, music blared and some among the crowds danced and waved Egyptian flags.
No domestic animal, in proportion to its weight, needs as much water as a milch cow.
At first, it looks like any other summer camp; young people are arriving with bulging suitcases, discovering their new surroundings, chatting awkwardly and making new friends.
George here wants you to take a little trip over to Philly with him.
As U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly levitated gently in the middle of a room with walls covered in equipment, cables, scientific instruments and several high-end cameras, he talked about his life on board the International Space Station and the prospects of much longer space missions.
Now, as she came running through the trees she drank in the air thirstily through her long nose.
The old law guaranteed seats for minority communities, but the new version passed by parliament last month omits the quotas.
Following a two-year hiatus due to the pandemic, an annual classic, antique and unique car show is back.
The Burrup Peninsula, 1,500 kilometers north of Perth, the Western Australian state capital, has 50,000 years of First Nations history, including millions of a type of rock carving called petroglyphs.
You will sit in the parlour like a queen, only making cakes sometimes, for yom tov!
Local media reported that President Sambi is scheduled to hand over power to a leader from Moheli in 2011 under the regular system of rotation.
Home to more than 11 million Turkic-speaking Uighurs, Xinjiang covers an area of 1.66 million square kilometers that accounts for one-sixth of China’s land mass.
We watched the creation and destruction of a sand mandala by a former Buddhist monk and refugee, from the intricately woven, boldly colorful lines to its final status as a brownish heap of sand.
History has its secrets, yet, in connection with Messalina, there is one that historians have not taken the trouble to probe; to them she has been an imperial strumpet.
At the offices of the African Foundation for Development, the organization managing the competition, Emmanuel is busy copying notes from a flipchart.
In 1998, on a three-week vacation trek in Nepal, Wood, then a Microsoft executive, met a local headmaster who invited him to visit his school in a remote mountain village.
Famous doper Lance Armstrong is claiming that trans women in sports have an unfair advantage.
What was the real reason Prigozhin stood down?
Fuck Prigozhin and Putin.
The Wagner Group has been crucial to Russia's illegal occupation of parts of Ukraine since 2014.
In Yiddish, a ladybug is called a "moyshe-rabeynes kiele," meaning "Moses's little cow."
The post-canonical apocalypses of Judaism fall within the period beginning with the attempt of Antiochus IV to make the Jews Greeks, and the successful resistance of the Maccabees and their establishment of an independent Jewish kingdom, and ending with the Jewish-Roman wars, the destruction of Jerusalem and the suppression by Hadrian of the final Messianic, political uprising under Bar Cochba; that is, from 108 B. C. to 135 A. D.
Lance Armstrong is a notorious cheat, so he'll do anything to distract from this and scapegoat a vulnerable minority.
Lance Armstrong dominated cycling while on steroids. No trans woman has ever dominated a women's sport.
It's been just over a week since the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) announced its plan to redesign the country’s highest paper denominations—the 200-, 500- and 1,000-naira notes.
In view of the complex phenomena of the French Revolutionary period, it is advantageous to our understanding of that surpassingly interesting era to view the various classes of facts from different standpoints.
She said that the scientists involved with the project are continuing their research by analyzing the non-organic components, the chemical interactions between Lake Vida brine and sediment, and by using various methods of genome sequencing, and are learning more about their rare microbial find.
If you stood on one of its moons, would you be able to notice Jupiter's gravitational pull?
Exhausted, they landed on the Strophades Islands, where they proposed to recruit their strength by a hearty meal; but no sooner was their table spread, than the meats were devoured and destroyed by the loathsome Harpies.
Neo-Nazis think Pride is somehow an example of Jews oppressing white people, and that Pride parades make white people akin to Palestinians.
In the autumn ships arrived at Iceland from Norway, bringing the report that Björn had run away with Thora, without the consent of her kinsmen, and that the king had for that reason outlawed him from Norway.
The chief havoc was committed by a she-wolf, which, with her annual litter of whelps, had infested the neighbourhood.
Sarak, who was the Old Man of the tribe as well as his sire, and Monah, Rog's mother, were short and heavy and thickly covered with hair.
In the evening an old woman, a former parishioner, came up to Mr. Lowder, and asked after his rheumatism, and said she hoped he got the bottle.
I searched about, in surprise, and came on a beautiful baby, in rich swaddling bands, with a gold signet ring tied round its neck.
According to a 2021 study by the University of Chicago, 40% of unsheltered homeless people are employed.
I'm having trouble getting my golem to come to life.
How did you get your golem to come to life?
Making golems requires advanced learning.
Only a sage can make a golem.
You can't fire me, because I quit!
"You can't fire me, because I quit!" "Oh thank God; we were worried we were going to have to pay unemployment benefits."
Elon Musk neither knows anything about climate change nor cares about it.
Lance Armstrong has no authority to speak on anything. He wasn't even really an athlete; he cheated throughout his whole career.
Lance Armstrong feels really insecure about his fraudulent career, so he's trying to distract everyone by going after trans people.
Unlike Lance Armstrong cheating at cycling by doping, trans athletes don't have an inherent advantage, which is why unlike him, trans athletes have never dominated at any sport.
There are golems in the fantasy book I'm writing.
Golems can't talk.
The Jewish sage Rava was said to have made a golem.
Can golems talk?
Are golems just robots with one-word programs?
Making golems isn't considered to be sorcery.
What even are cats?!
Many tent and yurt-owners on the campsite have been using propane to heat their winter shelters.
On July 11, 1775, Josiah wrote to John in Philadelphia that the best method of securing the coastwise navigation of the colonies was by row-galleys.
In a recent year the repair shops reconditioned over $155,000,000 worth of used equipment for the telephone companies, including 5,400,000 telephones.
Then one evening, while taking the commuter train home, he sees a beautiful woman gazing wistfully from the window of an office building.
On the 29th an anticyclone advanced completely over the British Islands, and with it fair, dry, quiet weather prevailed until the end of the month.
If these scandalmongers only knew that she loved me and that I reciprocated her affection, they surely would not seek to propagate this shameful report concerning us.
In short, the town market was usually reserved for the citizens of the town, and the policy of the guilds (with occasional exceptions on the part of the great commercial guilds) was to shut the door to all foreign goods which they could produce themselves.
In January, the celebrity hotel heiress pleaded no contest to alcohol-related reckless driving stemming from a September 2006 arrest in Hollywood.
The clerestory of the church is of the Perpendicular period, and is divided into eight bays, each containing two windows.
Now thy young heart like a bird singeth in its summer nest, no evil thought, no unkind word.
The agreement creates one of Asia's biggest trading areas and integrates India's fast growing economy with 10 of its neighbors.
She squeezed the water from the cloth and spread the stained area over a chair to dry, looking disgustedly at her own dyed finger-nails.
One in five women in the United States is Hispanic, said Amy Hinojosa, president of Mana, a national Latina organization, who added that Latinas face many inequalities today.
The viands included, among other things, a lamb roasted whole, the head of a wild boar covered with flowers, fried trouts, and poached eggs, which were eaten with boiled radishes, and peas in their shells.
I pulled some strings.
When it was time for him to get off the chairlift, the backpack became caught and he could not get off.
Cornish is a disappointing language in respect of swearwords, for it is by no means rich in those “ornaments to conversation.”
My home stood on a bit of country road, with three or four other cottages, close outside a biggish town.
Conservatives loathe doctors, medicine, and science.
Arriving in Edinburgh, Marat thought it necessary for a time to live in hiding, but finally he came out and was duly installed as barkeep at a tavern, and a student in the medical department of the University of Saint Andrews—a rather peculiar combination.
The Federal Electoral Institute gained autonomy from the government in 1996, and has acted as a guarantor of elections and an enforcer of election law ever since.
Jews are a nation.
Abolish nation-states.
In Babylonia the sacred tree was no doubt closely associated with Istar, the divine mother, who was originally not a Semitic, but an Accadian goddess, and whose cult, together with that of her bridegroom Tammuz, was introduced into Chaldaea from Eridu, a city which flourished on the shores of the Persian Gulf between 3000 and 4000 B.C.
Tom's face turned red as he accidentally flashed his willy while changing at the gym.
Embarrassed, Mary tried to avert her eyes when she accidentally walked in on her brother and saw his willy.
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion were a notorious antisemitic forgery.
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion plagiarized numerous fictional works.
Forged by the czarist secret police in Russia by plagiarizing several fictional works, the Protocols of the Elders of Zion continue to exert a large influence on the shape and character of modern antisemitism.
No trans woman has won the gold medal in any Olympic sport, despite being allowed to compete since 2003.
There is zero evidence that trans women have an unfair advantage over cis women in sports.
The Japanese were ready to surrender, and it wasn't necessary to hit them with that awful thing.
They had the right spirit.
He said certain advertising campaigns risk distorting the holiday's true meaning, and he urged people to reject what he called the mindless consumerism that accompanies the day.
Criminals and the maladjusted were committed to the Experimental Stations where they were used as guinea-pigs by the scientists.
But these days, the thunder of jackhammers fills the air at the site of a new development, the first of five planned developments across the reservation.
Tom and Mary were on Judge Judy.
Tom and Mary are going on a court show.
The ever-present dried codfish, bacalao, cooked with garlic and oil, and sometimes with rice, flavoured with saffron, is also not by any means a food to be contemned, unpalatable as it is to those who taste it for the first time.
The new U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Volker Tuerk says he will use his position to advocate for the rights of people around the world, especially for the most vulnerable, powerless and repressed.
Other cryptids are Scotland’s Loch Ness Monster, Big Foot in North America, and central Africa’s dinosaur-like Mokele Mbembe.
If you think the biggest problem with society today is the lack of civility, you have been insulated from all the other problems.
"They're killing babies." "You're being dishonest. A fetus is, by definition, not a baby."
American authorities are still unsure of the circumstances surrounding the crews' detention, Carter said, in part because they have not yet been able "to fully debrief the sailors."
A fetus is merely a part of the pregnant person's body until it is viable.
A fetus is not a person.
Those who know trees best agree that there is no nobler broad-leaved tree in the American forests than the White Oak.
"I have a problem with abortion after 15 weeks." "Then don't have an abortion after 15 weeks."
Your dogmatic religious idea of fetal personhood is irrelevant to a society where not everyone has the same religion.
I have many moments when I wonder why we redid the basement the way we did.
A clump of cells isn't a baby.
If this youth from Albion does not appear soon, I shall set sail without him, prince though he be, and leave him to try his hand at swimming to the Cassiterides.
Tom does speed.
Being a billionaire is sociopathic.
The wind was frolicking among the yellow leaves of the old birch trees, and a shower of thick drops fell upon us from the leaves.
In putting up his tent, Captain Brady's tomahawk had slipped and cut his knee, by which he was lamed for some time.
If you had been asked by Peterson if the cotton were in good condition, would you have answered affirmatively?
Pindar, the greatest lyricist of the Greeks, wrote about athletic contests; athletes were his heroes.
Africa's leading tourism operators are meeting in Botswana for talks on reviving the industry after the damage caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Jordan Peterson talks like Kermit the Frog.
Jordan Peterson's academic work is extremely postmodern.
Jordan Peterson is a Jungian, which means he's full of shit.
You tackled Carmine because he was in the way and you ran into him and put your arms around him to keep from falling on your nose.
Boston isn't far.
Wentz, who probably felt naturally his pride of football fame, became quite angry at Rutter's remark that he was being outplayed.
If capitalism works, why is there a need for all these corporate subsidies?
The following is a complete history of Congressional legislation in regard to the protection of the buffalo from wanton slaughter and ultimate extinction.
The adventure of the companions of Ulysses, changed into beasts by Circe, was much more ancient than the dogma of the metempsychosis, broached in Greece and Italy by Pythagoras.
I would inaugurate the new era; I would set the example of supreme heroism in science; and all the world, and all future ages, should preserve my name with reverent homage, and enwreath it with laurels of undying fame.
An all-women's newsroom in India staffed by members of the country's marginalized communities including Dalits, has been attracting international attention this year.
Tom defenestrated his computer.
Tom defenestrated John.
Tom was defenestrated.
This is a very uncommon word that people mostly say just to say it.
"Defenestrate" is a very uncommon word that people mostly say just to say it.
They're awful people.
You have died.
Tom has died of dysentery.
There is no greater fallacy than the belief that aims and purposes are one thing, while methods and tactics are another.
It sounds Celtic.
Beam me up!
It's a rabbit hole.
That's a whole other rabbit hole.
"Why do people think the lizard people conspiracy theory is antisemitic?" "David Icke is very open about being an antisemite."
I think Tom and Mary have been replaced by lizard people.
The aliens resemble octopuses.
All the aliens in that sector resemble sea creatures.
They must have a common origin.
It's a huge coincidence.
He wrote a lot of poetry in Esperanto.
All the aliens in that sector speak a common language constructed a millennium ago.
I've never been to that side of the galaxy.
What happened to the gravity?
Where did the gravity go?
Who turned off the gravity?
This Jackson fellow seems like a shill.
Tom is a shill for corporate interests.
Tom is a shill for the oil industry.
Tom is a shill for American health insurance companies.
Tom is a shill for Big Oil.
Tom is a shill for Big Crypto.
Corporate interests are to the public as lions are to gazelles.
Corporate interests have as much business in government as foxes do in hen houses.
The court there commented that "the decisions of the common-law courts have been lamentably conflicting" on this point and stated that it did not have room to list the "vast number of inconsistent and almost contradictory cases upon this somewhat confused branch of the law".
Is it a Christian holiday?
The wise debater will then choose that evidence which will most quickly make his hearers feel that their own experience proves him right.
I met a Jew named Mario.
This little dark church is formed of four small bays and was formerly the old baptistery.
The gladiolus comes principally from South Africa, where about fifty species have been discovered.
The alliance emphasized the importance of a new codec—a computer program capable of compressing and decompressing digital data—that is free and flexible to use for both commercial and non-commercial content, including user-generated content, for individuals and organizations.
It was a pleasant drive along the Autobahn, with the blue Taunus mountains in the distance.
Zooey Zephyr was right; Montana Republicans do have blood on their hands.
The Colorado silver lodes are porous at the surface and colored more or less red or green.
The crossed flowers were never castrated, in order to make the experiments as like as possible to what occurs under nature with plants fertilised by the aid of insects.
I have therapy today.
I have therapy today at 2:30.
She had assumed that something—something new and interesting, probably irritating, perhaps enraging, would occur at once.
Jackson strikes me as a shill.
I'd love to be a bird.
Politicians and poets are tweeting their favorite odes and their own compositions.
Aflatoxin is a natural poison produced by a fungus that grows on maize, cassava, ground nuts, and other crops.
I do cocaine!
A 2018 African Development Bank study found that Somalia has the highest potential of any African nation for onshore wind power—if it can harness it.
Tom knows his onions.
You know your onions.
Tom is a meat and potatoes kind of guy.
I discovered my love of coffee there.
“Wow-wow-wow!” he bayed; and Frisky, the Red Fox Pup, heard and came trotting to peek at him and see what it was all about.
The well-preserved bones led its early 20th-century excavators to posit that the site marked a burial ground created by a predecessor to early modern humans.
And it is a mysterious, wonderful thing this character, this cachet of a great city; the charm of Paris or the grandeur of London, the glittering stillness of Venice or the insistent glory of eternal Rome.
Domestic foes argue the so-called unity government lacks legitimacy and has been foisted on the country by foreign powers.
Our submersible is much larger, but designed with just as much care as the Titan.
Jews and Italians often play each other in movies.
Jews and Italians both have dark features.
An unseen presence seemed to be very near, upholding and supporting her, for what purpose she could not guess.
The genetic history of Ashkenazi Jews includes an admixture with Italians.
Al Pacino played Shylock in a version of The Merchant of Venice.
Meyer Lansky was a Jewish mobster and close associate of "Lucky" Luciano.
Cats have whiskers.
The character of Hyman Roth from The Godfather Part II was based on Meyer Lansky.
Cats have small little noses.
Franklin, who calls himself an "inveterate optimist," admits to giving some thought to the legacy of his own long and fruitful life.
Others said they were uncomfortable with government action to create an ethnic categorization, and they also worried about the measure's potential to suppress free speech at schools.
Joao Lito Barros flips through pages of a guestbook at Taman Mini, a theme park in the Indonesian capital Jakarta.
Among the top contenders for a trophy or two is Kinsey, a biographical film by director Bill Condon, based on the controversial life of sex researcher Alfred Kinsey.
In the reign of King Stephen, the Castle was seized by Baldwin de Redvers, Earl of Devon; and though the King afterwards endeavoured to dispossess him, his efforts were ineffectual.
By a clear, sparkling stream he washed, wincing slightly from the shock of the too-cold water against his face.
The platypus is a mammal, yet instead of ‘live birth’ it lays eggs, it’s got a bill and webbed feet that look like a duck, a tail like a beaver and is venomous.
I sell grills.
I sell dope.
I sell weed.
I sell bitcoin.
I sell things for bitcoin.
Fuck bitcoin.
I sell electronics.
I sell latex.
Do you garden?
I studied basket weaving.
I sell baskets.
I sell coke.
I sell cat toys.
I sell handmade cat toys on Etsy.
I repurpose old newspaper racks.
I repurpose old phone booths.
I work in media.
I studied Communications.
I'm a roadie for a metal band.
I was kind of a groupie for them.
Tom got some hash.
I kind of live at the library.
I'm a librarian.
I work at a library.
I work at a book store.
I'm a cashier.
I stock items and take inventory.
I'm a nude art model.
I'm a paralegal.
I'm an office assistant for a lawyer.
I'm a legal secretary.
I don't actually do most of those things.
I design merchandise.
I write.
I do odd jobs.
I take care of people's pets.
I don't do hard drugs.
I don't do hard drugs anymore.
I overdosed on meth in 2013.
Tom overdosed on meth in 2013.
I overdosed on heroin in 2013.
Tom is a huge bro.
Tom is a chocolatier.
I don't know if I'm in the headspace for that.
I overdosed on fentanyl in 2013.
I sell baked goods.
I have a food truck.
I invented bread.
Tom has a sword.
Cats exist in many universes at once.
I think cats perceive other dimensions.
I didn't think I'd like a romcom.
Roseanne Barr grew up pretending to be Mormon.
Growing up, Roseanne Barr lived half her life as a Mormon.
Are you saying that for any particular reason?
That cat looks just like Cookie.
Tom threw up all over me.
Have you vomited at all?
Where should we go today?
I kind of want to die.
I'm a sentient AI.
Facebook facilitated a genocide.
I kind of want to live.
When I overdosed, it was the first time I ever uttered the words, "I don't want to die."
Middle names are funny.
If Putin is denazifying Ukraine, why did he send a Nazi mercenary group there?
I didn't get any fries.
Being gay, straight, or bisexual isn't a choice. If you think it is, you're probably bisexual.
I was letting it warm up.
We built this city.
80s butt rock is different from 2000s butt rock.
I left my water in there.
I left my heart in Boston.
Tom only listens to butt rock.
Do you want my pickle?
Can I have your pickle?
Dubbed as “Hubble 2” in some U.S. media, the Webb infrared-optimized telescope is one of NASA’s top priorities for the future.
He says the since the country's reformation in the late 1990s, members of the press have been searching for the best way to gather and distribute information to citizens, a job they should be able to do without restrictions or intervention from the government.
Houdon lived in a time of intellectual ferment in both Europe and America, and his work focussed on some of the period's leading citizens.
I reckon so.
Being bipolar doesn't make you an antisemite.
Being manic may bring your antisemitism out of you, but it's still your antisemitism.
He said that if I would elope with him to-morrow, he would marry me at the chapel; and fearing they—my sister—would marry me against my will to—to another man, I consented.
Aamon Animations makes some incredible videos.
One of our cats is a floof.
One of our cats is long-haired.
In view of all this metamorphosis it is much to be regretted that the geographical and linguistical difficulties have made the task of the folk-lorist not only difficult but wellnigh impossible.
Who still even acknowledges the ongoing pandemic today?
Powerful people want you to go back to being productive for them and if you die, you die.
The elite has effectively killed any attempt to respond to the pandemic.
Oh! that chatterer, that worst of gossipers, has gone and told them all we said about them the other day.
The powerful got what they wanted. No one mentions the pandemic anymore. Eugenics is policy.
In the last two years or so, eugenics has become a widely accepted social policy, the price of "freedom."
Who is this freedom for?
On the margin of ponds and streams we may see, flying from one bulrush to another, certain insects with large transparent wings and abdomen long and slender like a piece of string.
Why does Tom act so WASPish around them?
Poetry would be worse without enjambment.
Enjambment gives poems a sense of flow.
Enjambment can make poems sound more natural.
Enjambment is when a sentence from one line of poetry spills over into the next line.
Assonance is extremely important to Spanish poetry.
What is there to watch?
What should I watch?
How many ounces are in a cup?
How many ounces are there in a cup?
How do I take a screenshot on a Mac?
How can I lose weight fast?
How can I get money now?
What font is this?
How many love languages are there?
He was seated on a rock, with a plump and primely broiled pheasant on the boulder before him, while he filled his tin cup from a small coffee-pot which he had lifted from the coals.
Tom sells propane.
No amount of ice cream and gummy bears would cure the sunken hearts of these U17 players from Mexico who went through the ordeal.
Centrists can be extremists, and often are.
Assonance is a similarity between words based on their vowel sounds.
They're much less direct than that.
Evidently ventilation was not one of the many popular specialities of Alexander the Great's establishment, for the atmosphere of the restaurant was heavy with the fumes of yesterday's food, the pictorial advertisements of which were being now expunged from the blackboard.
Seneca (epistol. lxxxvi.) compares the baths of Scipio Africanus, at his villa of Liternum, with the magnificence (which was continually increasing) of the public baths of Rome, long before the stately Thermae of Antoninus and Diocletian were erected.
My grandfather is a Bedouin sheikh, chief of one of the most powerful tribes of the desert.
Van Kerkhove, an American, said she has worked for the WHO for more than 10 years and has never been prouder of the work it has done.
The goal would be to correct inefficiencies and redundancies, and to get these various offices spread throughout the government working together in a more coordinated way.
There are scary masks, mustaches, funny hats and costumes galore at Total Fright, one of the biggest Halloween stores in the Washington, DC area.
Scavenging for parts in the junkyard, Max discovers a rusty old robot which he cleans up and then convinces his dad to give it a chance.
Tom suffers from low self-esteem.
The nopals are considered characteristic of warm and dry climates, like those of Egypt and California.
Do you like King Crimson?
The U.S. Supreme Court is owned by billionaires.
The U.S. Supreme Court makes decisions in bad faith based on the interests of its billionaire masters.
This has been true at least since Citizens United.
How do you spell your first name?
Are you a vegan?
Is she a vegan?
"You killed my God." "Wasn't much of a god, then, was he?"
The problem is that it happened, not that Tom talked about it.
Pigs have adorable noses.
Select a character class.
Select a species.
Select an alignment.
Tom is chaotic good.
Tom got pulled over for driving around without any license plates.
I got pulled over for changing lanes without signaling.
Tom doesn't use his turn signals.
Comedians are entertainers.
Tom's stand-up act bombed.
That's a sewer rat.
Arson is a crime.
Tom is a pyromaniac.
Tom derives pleasure from setting things on fire and watching them burn.
Rioting and looting continued throughout the night.
That crazy stunt of yours almost landed you in jail.
Tom Jackson's stunt double looks just like him.
A stunt double was injured during filming.
How did live ammunition get on set, anyway?
Tom's house got swept away in a landslide.
Two other horses were led by grooms, one a superb mottled grey, with green silk housings; the other a noble black, with white silk housings.
She leaps with an irrepressible "Yippee" from the boat to the shore.
These disputes being carried to Elizabeth, she set herself with heartless policy to foment them in every possible way.
When the restoration of the Stuarts to power became apparent, still greater numbers of the republicans and non-conformists sought refuge in New England from the persecutions which they foresaw awaited them.
In the former case the ego has enriched itself with the properties of the object, it has 'introjected' the object into itself, as Ferenczi expresses it.
The Talmud, a compilation of rabbinic opinions, debates and analyses, lays out the framework for Jewish law.
The atmosphere is supposed to extend itself about five miles round this globe of earth, and within that space move all kind of vapours exhaled by the sun's force, or protruded by the subterraneous heat.
But first kiss me, my darlings—a long kiss, for it is good-bye—and kiss, too, your little friends, Waldo and Silva, for in this world one may hope, but one can never be as sure as one would fain be, that good-byes are not for long.
Night was coming on and, to accent the loneliness, from somewhere in the dusky dimness a great foghorn groaned at intervals.
A small arrow studded with five stars lies, pointing east, in the Milky Way, slightly to the north of Altair.
Some airlines have been able to limit airfare increases because they bought jet fuel at cheaper prices, before the recent jump in oil prices that now have reached $115 a barrel for crude oil on the London market and more than $104 in New York.
Presently, having garaged my car in a clump of trees, I climbed over the park wall, and I should have climbed straight to Emma’s room, if a melancholy barking had not sounded in the direction of the gray buildings.
After Chloe was kidnapped by the Methymnaeans from the very cave of the Nymphs, the three goddesses appeared to Daphnis in a vision by night and told him not to fear, for Pan of the pine-tree would rescue the maid.
Doctors drained an abscess on one of his tonsils and released him two days later.
“I do not know how it is,” said his brother one day: “when I go out with Robert nutting, he gets all the nuts; and when I go out rabbiting, he gets all the rabbits; and when we go out fishing together, he catches all the fish.”
The words of this canticle were printed on a canvas sheet upon the wall, and the method of inculcation was somewhat peculiar.
Scientists have discovered more than 100 unnamed species of coral and other marine life during a research voyage south of Tasmania in Australia.
Los Angeles is getting ready to host one of the biggest annual sporting events in the U.S.—the Superbowl.
Still operating the same way it did 200 years ago, the mill draws some visitors and offers fresh grits and flour for local residents and restaurants.
The sultry September day was drawing to a close, and as the sun went down, a dark thunder-cloud came slowly up from the west, muttering in deep undertones, and emitting occasional gleams of lightning by way of heralding the coming storm, from which both man and beast intuitively sought shelter.
Vaccines don't cause autism, but autism also isn't a bad thing.
There's nothing wrong with being autistic.
“Do you suspect me, by chance,” he said, “to have allowed myself to be hoodwinked by Thaller?”
The air down the road seemed to quiver and dance over the white chalky dust; while all the leaves upon the trees, and the grass in the meadows, drooped beneath the heat of the sun.
A raging bush fire in one of Zimbabwe's national parks has destroyed vast tracts of land and sent wild animals fleeing into unprotected areas.
Cosmic rays are a form of fast-moving, high-energy radiation that emanates from the sun or from sources light years away from our solar system.
Landfills are probably the oldest type of waste disposal—dumping trash in a midden or pit.
German and Spanish were scarcely ever taught; indeed, the former was regarded as quite outside the list of learnable tongues.
According to Angela, who completed her undergraduate degree at NTU, language exchange has become especially popular in the last few years as the campus internationalized.
We're acting like a pack of heedless cretins.
And there's nothing, absolutely nothing, that I love better than a full-blown ruckus. Especially if it is over me.
Here we find that mustang humor of his forever kicking its silver heels with the most upsetting suddenness into the honeyed sweetness of his flowing poetry.
Obama's directive could especially affect workers in fast food restaurants and retail stores, where employees who supervise other workers are often called managers, even if their salaries barely exceed that of their subordinates.
He hired African-American pianist Teddy Wilson to play in his trio, and later enlisted vibraphonist Lionel Hampton for his quartet.
Old dog Spot, who was stretched upon the woodshed threshold, gazed at Snowball with a lofty air.
After high school, Divo became a hairstylist, working at salons in the Washington area for some 25 years.
The cultivated plant is of the perennial type, though it is planted annually, the old plants being dug up and burned, the ash being used as a fertiliser.
All evidence suggests that children adopted and raised by gay couples fare just as well as the children of straight couples.
The Saturn 5 was NASA’s heavy lift, expendable rocket used in the Apollo program that took astronauts to the Moon in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and it remains the most powerful operational space rocket ever built.
There are far more children in foster care than there are potential adopters.
The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 13.3% in May, a larger decline than most analysts expected, as states relaxed restrictions imposed to slow the spread of the coronavirus and businesses started rehiring employees.
Gay parenting is a no-brainer. It works just as well as straight parenting and it decreases the number of children in foster care.
After a long night out with friends, she returned home tired and emotional.
There is a concerted effort by the powerful to scuttle all social media sites that people use to organize against them.
Join Mastodon.
The current state of Twitter is really getting me excited about trusting Elon Musk to take me to Mars.
They had to jettison the cargo.
To save the lives of the people onboard, the crew had to jettison the cargo.
Tom was jettisoned into the vacuum of space.
The victims of Christianity are not among those who call it the most tolerant religion.
The people who claim to hate unnatural things sure do have a problem with nudity.
Symbiosis and commensalism must be distinguished from parasitism, which indicates that all the advantage is on the side of the parasite, and nothing but loss on the side of the host.
There is no jurisdiction on Earth where parents are required to take their children to Pride.
Some parents have a different idea than you of what's acceptable for their children.
You don't get a say in whether parents bring their children up to accept gay people.
Schools can do their best to impart tolerance and acceptance, but even they have no control over what kids grow up to believe.
A lot of straight parents take their children to Hooters, and the right celebrates this.
Many of the GIFs that are supposed to be from drag shows are actually from straight strip clubs that parents took their children to. There is no outrage from the right over straight parents doing this.
You claim to be an anti-imperialist, and yet you're waist deep in American right-wing propaganda. Curious.
It's to the point where even a non-allied country like Algeria is obsessed with half-digested American propaganda about "wokeness."
Get your own politics.
The building is not Florentine in the basement, Milanese in the middle stories, and Venetian at the top.
This alphabet was at once adopted by the tribe for all purposes for which writing can be used, including the recording of their shamanistic prayers and ritualistic ceremonies.
Elon Musk has worked very hard at earning people's hate.
It's hard to like Elon Musk.
They were so proud of their beautiful park, they had never let people even walk on the grass; and now this bold man actually dared to propose that they should put swings and teeter boards and tennis courts right where the grass was most beautiful!
Rivka is addicted to languages.
How can you make any children's TV shows at all if having straight characters in a children's show is sexualizing them?
I support letting children learn about the existence of straight people.
It's not sexualizing children to have straight parents in a show, nor is it sexualizing them to have gay characters.
You are abusing the word "sexualize" and destroying any ability to have real discourse about the sexualization of children via things like beauty pagents.
Neither the referee nor linesman saw the ball cross the goal line.
No children's shows are being sexualized.
Gay characters and straight characters exist in children's TV. Big deal.
Quit projecting.
You're the one obsessed with kids and pedophilia.
You're the one making up pedophilia where none exists.
What are you hiding, pedo?
Why is pedophilia constantly on your brain?
Could it be because your politics originate on 4chan, a hive of pedophiles?
Straight parents are taking their children to straight strip clubs, and people like you are posting videos, lying and saying it's a drag show.
You don't care about kids.
It's not that I don't know how to present my arguments, but that I'm making fun of you.
You are making things worse for victims of actual pedophilia.
You are making it harder for actual victims of pedophilia to get help.
You are making the lives of victims of pedophilia worse by abusing terms like "groomer" and "sexualize" for cheap political points.
You are worsening the lives of people whose lives are hard enough.
You are not only exacerbating the problems faced by LGBTQ people, but also by child sexual abuse victims.
You are waging war on multiple communities.
Phenylketonuria (commonly known as PKU) is an inherited disorder that increases the levels of a substance called phenylalanine in the blood.
Texas child services can no longer investigate actual child sexual abuse because of being forced to go after parents of trans kids.
It's impossible to find real discussion of the sexualization of children, which was a serious problem being discussed before the right shallowly adopted its language, because the results are now overloaded with bullshit homophobia and transphobia.
The shallow adoption of the language of serious causes by the right always harms those causes irreparably.
The right uses the language of pedophilia because they know that everyone hates pedophilia, and whatever tars their opposition is what they'll use. There is no depth they won't sink to.
They are revolting people, their tactics are revolting, and their cause is revolting.
The world would be better without such slime.
People who look up to Julius Caesar want to become tyrants.
Photo booths are found in shopping malls, beach boardwalks, amusement parks and other places.
There was no other road to follow than the windings of the river bed through this mountain-bound glen, in the same manner as yesterday.
The rate of desertion escalated in recent years, with more than 4,000 soldiers failing to report back for duty every year.
The outer layer of cells of plants is also called the epidermis.
Some drag is burlesque; some isn't.
My friend is into burlesque.
Mary does burlesque.
Mary and Alice do burlesque.
Tom and Mary went to a burlesque show.
I didn't know there was a burlesque club in this town.
They're destroying the planet out of animus.
Tom fragged the entire admiralty.
Her jaded eyes had wearied of the familiar landscape, as they had wearied of the interior of the house, in which she seemed more a tenant than a mistress.
Tom is studying admiralty law.
Is there a difference between admiralty and maritime law?
His plan was approved by the Admiralty in April 1915.
This case raises the question whether admiralty jurisdiction extends to claims arising from agency contracts.
The timing is especially propitious for Mr. Zidane, whose family comes from the Berber region of Kabylie.
Reactionaries are obsessed with genitals.
Reactionaries think about penises more than I do, and I like dick.
Tom fragged his CO.
Being around Tom is wearisome.
Weeding is wearisome work.
The people you're imitating hate Muslims, too.
The people who came up with your talking points also hate you.
A lot of people still cling to a form of augury, seeing black cats as omens of bad luck.
When the occasion is propitious, I always find it interesting to ask a person I don’t know well if he, or she, is fond of dogs.
You have hopefully never laid eyes upon the genitals of the majority of the people you have interacted with.
You can judge someone by what they do and don't care about.
Rupert Murdoch controls the media.
The demon lord Tom's minions have begun to attack travelers.
Tom is going to teach me to tame dragons.
Likewise Bronner notes that the 'irrational' sameness of school procedure for all pupils often leads to "serious loss of interest in school work, discouragement, truancy, and disciplinary problems."
He slinks into his bed, and hiding his head in the bedclothes, lies there in mortal terror, knowing that the shadow is close beside him.
Sue Finley, now 80 years old and NASA’s longest-serving female employee, recalls her early days with the space agency when she worked as a human “computer,” calculating rocket trajectories by hand at a time when computers were huge and expensive to operate.
This majestic mountain range in the heart of south Asia is crowned with snowcapped peaks and draped with vast glaciers.
Russia kills Ukrainian children.
The bus driver swerved to avoid a snake on the road.
Children can and do see straight performers do much more sexually suggestive things than read books to them.
Any child who has watched an Idol show has seen more sexually suggestive things than they'll ever see at a drag queen story hour.
Yankev was born in Birobidzhan.
There aren't many Jews left in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast.
What's the new language that was added?
I miss when Tatoeba had 420 languages.
Tom dreamed of retiring in an adobe house, surrounded by tranquillity.
Tom and Mary explored the village, captivated by the charming adobe houses.
Birobidzhan didn't work for the simple reason that that land means nothing to Jews.
RFK, Jr. is a bullshit artist.
Tom is a bullshit artist.
Bullshitting is an art.
Bullshitting is an art form.
Everything you post on Bluesky is used to train generative AI.
Ninety-seven squirming little orphans must be scrubbed and combed and buttoned into freshly starched ginghams; and all ninety-seven reminded of their manners, and told to say, “Yes, sir,” “No, sir,” whenever a Trustee spoke.
The eyes may remain open for such long periods of time that the conjunctiva and sclera may become quite dry and ulcerate.
For months the stock market had steadily lowered, owing to the flight of the small investor, affrighted by the succession of investigations, the fear of readjustments, and the distrust of the great manipulators.
Delegates from 18 spacefaring countries, the European Space Agency, and the European Commission held an unprecedented meeting in Washington this week to discuss ways of cooperating with the new space exploration program on which the United States is embarking.
In many of the places he visited there were Y. M. C. A. gymnasiums, and there Joe paid a small fee for the privilege of using the trapeze or the bars.
U.S. presidents often change government policy through presidential actions, issuing executive orders, proclamations or memoranda, bypassing Congress and the legislative process.
There shouldn't be nation-states. Every state should be for all its citizens.
There shouldn't be states.
Societies can run without states.
The concepts of "nation" and "state" have been conflated in English, but the first is much older than the second.
Forecasters now are able to predict bad weather better than ever with a modern set of tools, including satellite data, high altitude balloons, radar stations and computer models, but for tornados, the false alarm rate has hovered about 75 percent for decades.
If there are going to be states, they should serve all their citizens, not primarily members of a single ethnic group.
Spain expelled its Jews the same year Columbus set sail. Antisemitic blood purity laws became the template for colonial race laws.
Tyler Ivanoff, 36, of the village of Shishmaref, Alaska, was picking berries and gathering driftwood for a fire for his family when he stumbled across a green bottle along the state's western shore earlier this month.
Many advanced nations, like Germany and Denmark, make wide use of apprenticeships, but U.S. firms have cut back sharply on them.
If kept in a cool dry place, it may be preserved for a long time; but if it be badly corked, and kept in a damp place, it will soon spoil.
It is, therefore, probable that men in the stone age practised anthropophagy; we have, really, no cause to be surprised at this; since, in our own days, various savage tribes are addicted to cannibalism, under a considerable diversity of circumstances.
Human rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani said the sum requested is only a pittance, considering human rights is one of the three pillars of the United Nations, along with peace and security.
Mary found the game too challenging, so she hoped they would nerf the difficult boss fight.
Tom was thrilled when they decided to buff his favourite level, making it more challenging and rewarding.
I've got bats for brains.
I've got bats in my brain.
I've got brain weasels.
Apes are monkeys.
Tom said the room was dusky.
Tom asked what farmers do.
Tom insisted he wouldn't be going on vacation this summer.
Tom denies his position isn't tenable.
Tom believes it's more likely than we think.
Don't ask me why Tom is so into heavy metal.
Tom said he'd heard great things about Australia.
I forget your name.
I forget your name; what's it again?
Tom thinks everything happens by magic.
What if my red is your yellow, and my yellow is your blue?
Tom doesn't think you can find that here.
Tom doesn't understand why everyone is ignoring the double standard.
Tom thinks of drag as an art form.
Tom forgot we needed a spare tire.
That's a good university to study French at.
I'm sitting and drinking coffee.
It was a very psychedelic experience.
This is kind of urgent.
It's kind of urgent.
The child isn't learning to talk.
We said we wanted to try.
Who said it was cold there?
I have a major battle to fight.
I've never left cislunar space.
Not getting vaccinated doesn't only affect you.
The movie bombed a bunch at the box office.
Tom's moody temperament sometimes leads him to make blunt remarks.
I live in a space habitat.
I live in a self-sufficient space community orbiting the Earth.
I'm leaving for the asteroid belt tomorrow.
I'm leaving for Ceres tomorrow.
I work on Ceres, but I live in a space community orbiting it.
Tom has a way of making acerbic comments that can sting.
Are those aliens?
I'm not saying it was aliens, but it was aliens.
The good-natured signora was pleased to find that her little ones were regarded with some interest, and not as nuisances.
In marking the World Day to Combat Desertification and Drought, the United Nations is calling for better land management and regreening initiatives to tackle the twin disasters.
Working from the back room of a tiny Internet cafe, 23-year-old computer whiz Zelalem Tadesse has helped Yusuf and hundreds of others to register.
Alfred chortled with delight, and clapped his hands before his face.
The country's Communications and Media Commission accused the network of bias and defamation, saying the report lacked professionalism, balance and reliable evidence.
Cat allergy sufferers usually rely on antihistamines, which have side effects such as drowsiness.
Embrace, extend, and extinguish.
The president's argument is that chaos would ensue if he were forced from office.
Although the restaurant is extremely popular among expats, he said it’s been difficult to convince his family, friends and other locals of the benefits of veganism.
To the northward a silvery stream could be seen meandering, bordered by willows, aspens, osiers, and other trees of considerable height, breaking the line of the horizon.
He was an honorable, high principled man, and not for the world would he have been guilty of an act which could produce new discord with those already divided hearts.
What, to the American slave, is your 4th of July? I answer; a day that reveals to him, more than all other days in the year, the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him, your celebration is a sham; your boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your denunciation of tyrants, brass fronted impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade and solemnity, are, to Him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and hypocrisy — a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages. There is not a nation on the earth guilty of practices more shocking and bloody than are the people of the United States, at this very hour.
If there is a god, that god created gay and straight people, both of whom reflect that god's image in different ways.
I've heard it all.
I live in multiple worlds.
I live between two worlds.
Kombucha is fermented black tea.
I like cats and cats like me.
It's actually really embarrassing to see people from other countries complain about "wokeism" and see how far American far-right bullshit has penetrated.
"Wokeism" was made up by the American far right.
It's not a real thing.
Martin Luther King, Jr. supported positive discrimination.
"After they were scattered, no one knows what happened to the Hebrews." "Hi. Right here."
I'm going on a hunger strike.
We'll examine the upper part first, and after that has been done I will show you a chamber which you can have until the summer boarders come.
The new-comers were Colonel Lysander Stark and a short, thick man with a chinchilla beard growing out of the creases of his double chin, who was introduced to me as Mr. Ferguson.
All were honest and respected business men, pledged to serve the city faithfully and selflessly.
Although the toolshed was so carefully locked, Ruth knew that the window could be opened.
He sympathized with, albeit his sceptic spirit could not quite fraternize with, the sensitive vibrating nature of Molière, that brought, along with acutest enjoyment, the keenest suffering.
If this describes you at middle age, Willcox says you have an 80-percent chance of living to age 80, and a good chance of doing so healthfully.
In autumn, when the myrtle warblers return from Canada, they mostly haunt the regions where the juniper and bayberries are abundant.
On the western side was a heap of caverned bowlders, and a fire burned in front with three persons sitting beside it.
"Yet," Jacquette said, toying with the lace of his sleeve, "it does behove you also to save the King, since, if these conspirators are backed by the power and wealth of Spain, there is a chance they may succeed."
The ban will not include the Nazi salute or the swastika, a symbol that has religious significance in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism.
A stout pig, evidently a denizen of the house, came trotting and grunting out of the stable, and pushed his way into the interior of the social circle.
Belay that order.
Belay that.
It's OK; I'm not going to hurt you.
The soft twirl of a leaf, the trill of a bird in the silent forest, were all pixie-whispers.
Unlike most tourists, the Professor seemed to be in no hurry to inspect the famous Belfry, although we had passed it a score of times during our stay.
Everyone left after Tom started ranting about the Rothschilds.
It is a lost river; and it is still a common thing to see a brown, lifeless, floating log suddenly flash, strike, and galvanize into a diving alligator.
Elon Musk is as elite and powerful as a person gets.
There is no level of elite above that of Elon Musk.
Elon Musk could buy and sell the Rothschilds.
Recent efforts by the governments of Australia and New Zealand to tackle online extremism has renewed the debate over the threat of radicalization on the internet, with some analysts seeing new opportunities for states and tech giants for a joint action.
Unless a drastic remedy is quickly found, these elements, I am convinced, are going to be the nation's undoing.
They do need to be careful not to wound themselves with chainsaws or other pruning tools.
Nietzsche, belatedly discovered by a world beset by terrors too great for it and mysteries too profound, becomes almost respectable, nay, almost Episcopalian!
Castle observed and studied the phenomenon of self-sterility in an Ascidian, Ciona intestinalis, which is hermaphroditic.
A new danger threatens me; I escape from a furious prince, to be ensnared by a delirious poet.
Human cells have many different kinases, and they help control important functions, such as cell signaling, metabolism, division, and survival.
The moon of a bright silver, which dazzles by its shining, illumines a world which surely is no longer ours; for it resembles in nothing what may be seen in other lands.
Don't drive drunk.
Don't drive on LSD.
Don't drive on mushrooms.
Don't drive while intoxicated.
Tom got his third DUI.
There's no bigger grifter than a monarch.
Tom wet the bed.
Industrialized agriculture is a major contributor to climate change.
Threads is no different from Elon Musk's Twitter in terms of moderation.
Declawing is not recommended to prevent cat scratch disease.
Liquidity is the ease with which an investment can be sold and turned into money.
The peculiarities of our author are not many, and bear chiefly on lexicology, not on grammar or style, which show the most intimate acquaintance with the classic language.
And so thinking, she walked briskly along in the clear frosty air over the crisped leaves that strewed the walk, till she beheld a person approaching from the extreme end of the alley.
A fluffy pink fungus that decorates itself with gold nanoparticles has been found in Western Australia.
Abortion has never been more popular in the U.S..
Traditional values are relative.
It was a war zone here.
Want a molasses cookie?
Want a peanut butter cookie?
Want a shish kebab?
Tom's license is suspended.
When the stones were red-hot, the dust and ashes were brushed out of the oven, and the potatoes, yams, and taro, or the pigs, dogs, fish, and birds were wrapped in leaves, and laid upon the hot stones.
It is immoral, unethical and unacceptable to incarcerate people for the purpose of generating profit.
Having at last acquired a fair knowledge of the Yoruba language, Anna Hinderer started a day school for children, and to nine little boys who were regular in their attendance she gave a blue shirt each, of which they were immensely proud.
At times there was something—what shall we call it?—almost savage in the admiration and exultation with which this man regarded the creature who was so entirely at his mercy, and who had been brought to him as flotsam from the sea!
The moon rose and made the waste look colder, deader than under the starlight.
Nothing starts with an N and ends with a G.
Streets that are usually packed with pedestrians, scooters and vehicular noise have taken on the quiet aura of a holiday.
Small, self-navigating drones designed to think and move like bees could revolutionize the future of agriculture, search and rescue missions, and more.
It seemed to grow unbearably hot in that small, dark place; it seemed even that it was hard to breathe.
But this hermetic community is a rare success story: an indigenous group that has maintained its ancient way of life, spurning modern technology, formal schooling, and state-sanctioned religion, just four hours from Jakarta, the largest city in Southeast Asia.
Ef was probably a bilabial, not a labiodental spirant, as is also evident from Goth.
These marine mammals, once hunted for their blubber and baleen, now support a thriving whale-watching industry.
One of the three was dressed in a costume made of seaweeds, a second in hempen garments, and a third in embroidered robes.
Blood from umbilical cords has been used in life-saving transplants for people suffering from diseases such as leukemia.
The attic was a long, low-ceilinged room, dark and fragrant with the odor of the cedar.
I am told he lives in the City, and plays dominoes in his leisure hours with stockbrokers.
The fervour of his imagination melts down and renders malleable, as in a furnace, the most contradictory materials.
Put one tablespoonful of melted butter in stew pan, fry in the butter until brown one onion and two medium sized apples chopped fine.
It was she who revealed the secret meaning; her skill and ingenuity had given light to the dark mystery, and consistency to its incoherence.
Humans are not obligate omnivores.
Factory farming isn't natural.
Chimpanzees mostly eat fruit.
George Lucas isn't Jewish.
Why can't women be handsome and men beautiful?
It's like an appetizer.
I'm not quite there yet.
Fuck Bill Gates.
Tens of thousands of Pacific walruses have gathered on a beach in northwest Alaska because they cannot find sea ice for resting.
Adrenochrome is a pigment.
Adrenochrome doesn't reverse the aging process.
Adrenochrome is not psychoactive.
I never liked Cenk Uyghur or Ana Kasparian.
They were always sus.
They've always struck me as fake and empty.
Federal law provides the basis for firearm regulation in the United States, but states and cities can impose regional restrictions.
Being well aware that he cannot sing like a Nightingale, he flits about from tree to tree, and twitters a little tale.
His sources of instruction had not been of the best and he worked in an atmosphere tainted with artistic and political decadence.
Most people don't need to eat meat.
Most people don't need to eat meat under normal circumstances.
Beans, rice, and legumes are cheaper than meat.
I would have forgiven myself for eating meat while homeless.
I don't judge people for eating meat, but I don't think most people need to.
"If you were in a remote area where the only way to survive was eating meat, would you do it?" "If you weren't in such an area and could survive without eating meat, would you?"
It may shock you to learn I wasn't strictly vegan while I was homeless.
I ate from dumpsters a lot.
I ate from the garbage cans on the sidewalk a lot.
She wears khaki pants and a beige blazer, her curly dark hair is tied in a bun on top of her head, her glasses are fashionably small and square and dark-framed.
They counted the number of neurons in the brain area associated with regulating sleep patterns, and correlated that with data from the monitoring device.
Cats became a favored household pet over the centuries, in large part due to their natural ability to hunt and eradicate household pests and vermin, such as mice and rats.
Michelet construes these facts as proof that the art of nest-building is not innate in birds, but has to be learned.
Back in the camp, UNHCR has installed large water tanks to supply what has become a town of tents and prefab units (housing more than 36,000 individuals).
The film shown on the museum's huge planetarium screen examines myths and rituals of the ancient Maya in southern Mexico and Central America.
Ambergris is the foundation of nearly every perfume, and in ancient times was used for spicing wine.
If it's that bad, you should see someone about it.
If it's that bad, you should see a doctor.
If it's that bad, you should see a therapist.
If it's that bad, you should hire a lawyer.
If it's that bad, you should go to the hospital.
That's a pretty curtain.
Those curtains are beautiful.
I love your shower curtain.
We need new curtains.
They don't want us paying any attention to the man behind the curtain.
Do you have an extra towel?
I don't know where my towel is.
I brought an extra towel; you can have it.
You left your towel.
You left your swimsuit and towel.
Is this your towel?
Hedgehogs curl into a ball and puff out their spines when threatened.
A hedgehog is born without spines.
Narcan was saving too many lives, so someone or some organization decided to inject xylazine into the heroin supply chain.
I've never done heroin, but my childhood friend just died of an overdose.
I support the people who want wealthy psychopaths to lose the power to harm people.
Xylazine is proof that the heroin epidemic is intentionally being inflicted on people.
Opioids have a long and ugly history of being used to subjugate and control populations, as in China by Britain.
"I support the LGB commmunity, but not the Ts." "LGB includes most T. There has never been a mythical LGB community that didn't include trans people. That's why it was added."
"Why don't trans lesbians date each other?" "You mean the single most common thing for trans lesbians to do?"
Trans people are in a similar situation to Jews in the sense that there are far more freaks obsessed with us than there are of us.
To be alone, unfriended, penniless, in a city of four million souls, is indeed a low depth of human misery.
He set to work at once to enlarge the old Dutch stone cottage which stood upon the place; and from this time on he is continually "puttering" about the estate, building a poultry-yard here, planting trees there, with the full zeal of the rural landlord.
The bibliography has a list of books which go into more detail on amphibians and reptiles: their identification, and natural history, range, and care in captivity.
What’s more, only 28 percent of Americans living with HIV have received enough treatment to have undetectable viral loads in their blood.
It is now Christmastide, when the days are short and dark, while six months ago the days were long and glorious in the warmth and brightness of summer.
Our songs are about people triumphing in difficult circumstances, not about people being defeated by hardships and wallowing in self pity.
The opioid epidemic is intentional, a form of eugenics.
For her sentences in this respect are all coloured, and ours are often inexpressive, often humourless.
We've talked in the past about the hobbies that Americans enjoy, hundreds of them, from collecting thimbles and beer bottle labels to building elaborate model railroad layouts.
Designers work to create compelling logos and user-friendly web layouts to spread the word on global water shortages.
For these African immigrants turned American truckers—keeping their eyes on the road is the key to success.
In general the scene is one of placid beauty: even the rugged mountain sides are smoothed and softened by their covering of greenery, and the warm air and limpid water combine to produce an effect of quietude and repose, which the contented character of the Burman does little to disturb.
The eyes of all the world are now upon this indescribably beautiful and fertile country.
As the wasp larva munches its way through the microbe-laden body of the cockroach, it produces generous amounts of a clear liquid.
His impassivity had been penetrated at last; it could no longer hide a nervousness and apprehension which kept his head perpetually pivoting in backward glances across his shoulder.
The production team chose Morocco to film a wildly dangerous motorcycle chase on a curvy mountain road.
If you support banning foreign languages, you don't oppose censorship.
I'm sure it still happens.
We rode in the back of Tom's pickup truck.
Tom used to hunt and fish.
In those days, Belarus was part of Lithuania.
The spider hung on a thread and danced.
Muslims constitute 1.1 percent of the population of the United States and 5 percent of its physician workforce.
Like Jews, Muslims value education.
Jews constitute 2.4 percent of the population of the United States and 14.1 percent of its physician workforce.
Irreligious people constitute 13.3 percent of the population of the United States and 10.6 percent of its physician workforce.
Give people time.
It's exhausting dealing with people who yell "pedo!" the moment someone doesn't bow to their moral crusade. This must be a taste of what Russian queers deal with every day.
Elon Musk wants you to believe there is some sort of "elite" above him so you won't go after him.
What are conservatives so interested in conserving? Misogyny, racism, and heterosexism.
If you don't want people stealing from the self-checkout, you should hire workers.
If you didn't want people stealing from the self-checkout, you shouldn't have laid off all those workers.
"That's decent of you," he replied, "but an interoffice memo would have served just as well as a personal visit."
Jones says this annual luncheon offers a chance to relax after months of promoting the movie.
Researchers have discovered the strongest evidence yet linking the Zika virus to the paralytic illness Guillain-Barre syndrome.
I was always too busy with my family to gallivant around.
The story of Grasshopper Green is full of lively humor and emphasizes the virtues of kindness and generosity without moralizing.
Trans men aren't women who become men, but men who have a medical condition.
Trans women aren't men who become women, but women who have a medical condition.
We made an escapist political thriller that we wanted to imbue with humanity and realism.
Samaritans descend from ancient Israelites who worshiped at a temple on Mount Gerizim, tracing themselves to the northern Kingdom of Israel.
Jews and Samaritans revolted against Roman rule multiple times.
Like the Jewish reading traditions, Samaritan Hebrew diverges from Ancient Hebrew in many ways.
Does not the demos like excitement, and will not the newspaper set forth in detail every manner of accident and crime and gossip?
The Samaritan alphabet is directly descended from the Paleo-Hebrew alphabet.
It's a major tranquilizer.
Samaritans are not Jewish, but they are Israelites.
There were no major Jewish or Samaritan revolts in Palestine after the Muslim conquest.
Political is when you disagree with conservatives.
Actual Satanists are really pretty chill.
Satanism is a very wide umbrella.
Samaritans believe the original, divinely ordained location of Solomon's Temple is on Mount Gerizim.
Samaritans pray for Jews to return to the faith they view them as having left.
About half of all Samaritans live close to Mount Gerizim.
Samaritan identity is inherited patrilineally, rather than matrilineally as with rabbinic Jews.
Samaritans acknowledge no book as holy beyond their version of the Five Books of Moses.
Samaritans and Jews did not get along in ancient times.
I can detect that there are other dimensions parallel to this one.
I was born with the ability to detect nearby alternate realities.
In Haryana's Anjanthali village, Vinod Kumar used to grow rice and wheat using traditional methods on his 10-hectare farm, but in recent years he says even village elders were puzzled by the new diseases attacking crops such as wheat, which scientists blame on increased temperature variation.
The result, with breathtaking speed, has been a rebranded country that appears more inclusive of its citizens and more hospitable to outside investment.
Ned Cathers is a professional dog sled "musher" who's home on the edge of Lake Laberge is about an hour north of the small town of Whitehorse, capital of the Yukon Territory of Canada.
Of a truth, the only way to heaven leadeth through the narrow entrance of this cave,—and I alone have found it!
The Alleluia is played through twice, once softly during the angel's singing, the second time in the triumphant climax.
The parents let their two children walk home together unsupervised from a neighborhood park.
South Sudan leaders said Thursday the country's transitional leadership will stay in power for another 24 months to complete the political, security and electoral reforms needed to move the country forward.
There was a danger of Atticus' land at Buthrotum being confiscated, as Caesar was thinking of planting a colony there.
My glasses are missing.
Of course my glasses were next to your bed.
Tom's just chasing clout.
Clout chasers will be blocked on sight.
Why are you siccing your followers on someone with far less clout than you?
We're polyamorous.
The U.S. is governed by an oligarchy that owns most of the Supreme Court, Congress, and the White House.
On the remote Italian island of Lampedusa—closer to Tunisia than Sicily—the arrival of dilapidated boats packed with hundreds of migrants is a near-daily occurrence.
WHO reports that all over the world people with mental and psychosocial disabilities are subject to a wide range of human rights violations, stigma and discrimination.
Father Gabriele Nanni, an exorcist and lecturer of the course, explains why so many people are turning to the occult.
Despite the chaos around her, Mary remained level-headed and calmly guided everyone to safety.
Billings had backheeled Louden Powers just as he got to the door, and now was kneeling on the chest of the discomfited scoundrel.
The walls, pillars and ceiling are of cedar richly carven with images of serpents, pomegranates and cherubim in gold.
Artificial intelligence that automatically detects threatening behavior at train stations is part of a new trial to improve safety for women traveling at night in Australia.
For three years on that most sensational of the New York dailies he had been the star man, the chief muckraker, the chief sleuth.
The campaign, which will culminate in a final March vote, has been marked by high-profile corruption allegations, embarrassing gaffes, and salacious personal attacks, some involving the sex lives and religious practices of leading candidates.
Modeled on the blood vessels that make up the human circulatory system, scientists have created a plastic material that repairs itself.
The president of Eurojust called the cybercrime group, known as Avalanche, "one of the world's largest and most malicious botnet infrastructures" and said its take-down by authorities was one of the biggest to date.
There is no denying that Singapore has impressively low crime rates, is incredibly efficient and is immaculately clean.
A minute of longitude is a mile only on the equator, for the meridians are coming closer to each other as they converge toward either pole.
Marijuana will be heavily regulated under the new law, and dispensaries will be barred from locations near schools and public parks.
Over the grand staircase are a fine coffered ceiling and another in the form of a cupola.
It's a place for people with religious trauma to heal from it.
Throw me a bone.
That's not what I heard about Tom.
Tom wants you to believe that.
That's what Tom wants you to believe.
That's what Tom wants you to think.
That's Tom talking.
I see myself in Tom.
I see myself in you.
I see myself in Mary.
I'm a founding member.
Are ya winning, son?
It's hard to avoid what forms the basis of the economic system.
Tom was arrested for aggravated assault and mayhem.
I don't think Ana Kasparian believes anything at all.
The dialogue commences with a request on the part of Hippocrates that Socrates would introduce him to the celebrated teacher.
Threads takes all the ways Twitter is bad and amplifies them.
For the past 10 years, local authorities in Washington, D.C. have been renovating public libraries, hoping to create community hubs in spaces where people once went only to read books.
Speaking Friday to reporters at the White House, Obama said he would not sign any more "shortsighted" measures that cover brief periods and leave disputes over major issues unresolved.
Despite modern technology that makes creating and tracking registrations easier, the U.N.’s Children’s Fund says in 2011 just under half of births in Asia—excluding China—were registered.
Race works differently from country to country.
Sorry, but being into pegging doesn't make you queer.
What's that bushy-tailed dog?
His highness has within his principality Lutherans, Calvinists, Quakers, Anabaptists, and even Jews; and you wish that he would admit Unitarians?
Today, Attar is back in business—not crunching numbers in his native Syria, but stirring up potfuls of lentil soup and hummus at a newly opened Paris restaurant.
Switzerland has alpine regions loftier and more imposing, Russia vaster steppes, and Norway more arctic scenery: but nowhere else in Europe do arctic and tropic so nearly meet as in Spain.
History is being repeated, but on a far vaster scale.
This chow contains not less than 23 per cent protein and 4.5 per cent fat, and about 57 per cent carbohydrate.
I'm bad with names.
I'm bad with faces.
You've got a good memory for faces.
Tom recognized me from a single encounter at a party three years ago.
Pink and purple are shades of one another.
A child is safer with a drag queen than with a priest.
Lecherous men will accuse you of lying when you say she is your niece; and you can not prove the relationship.
The words and events of that evening must have been graven as if with a steel tool on Mr. Razumov’s brain since he was able to write his relation with such fullness and precision a good many months afterwards.
Evapotranspiration is the sum of all processes by which water moves from the land surface to the atmosphere via evaporation and transpiration.
There was a series of clicks and buzzes in the earpiece then Zack heard a man's deep voice.
In the United States, the National Institute of Mental Health recently announced a new study about giving antipsychotic drugs to people with schizophrenia.
When we ask what is the object of these paradoxes, some have answered that they are a mere logical puzzle, while others have seen in them an Hegelian propaedeutic of the doctrine of Ideas.
I tell you, books are the depositories of the human spirit, which is the only thing in this world that endures.
After this he bought six other houses which he turned into depositories for books.
Joe Biden is too far to the right.
Joe Biden swept the pandemic under the rug, killing countless people.
COVID isn't over.
Did that happen?
Did this happen?
You must be Mrs. Jackson.
Tom Jackson, I presume.
Tom was kicked out of a taxi for not liking the driver's music.
Tom wears a bathrobe everywhere.
A cat woke me up.
We had three cats and then we got three more.
Sex isn't a private thing as long as the government and society still invade people's sex lives.
Sex will be a private thing when abortion is legal everywhere.
Sex will be a private thing when the public revelation of heterosexuality is treated identically to the public revelation of homosexuality.
Sex will be private when people who have gay sex aren't discriminated against in jobs, housing, adoption agencies, and other places.
Heterosexual society is obsessed with controlling the sexual behavior of queer people, and when we tell them to stop, we're told, "No one cares about your sex lives."
If you didn't care about our sex lives, we wouldn't need to talk about them.
What you're actually against is queer people calling out the ways heterosexual society marginalizes us for our sex and love lives.
Transphobes usually preface their transphobic rants with the contradictory statement, "I don't care who you are or what you do."
Sex isn't private when heterosexuals can talk about their love lives, but queer people talking about ours is labelled as "sexual."
If sex was private and nobody cared about it, no one would care when two people who had gay sex wanted to adopt a child.
All across New York City teachers, librarians and community leaders are promoting programs to encourage children to read during their summer vacations.
The ancient world was brutal.
In our natural hunter-gatherer state, humans get along much better than under ancient or even modern agriculture.
In hunter-gatherer societies, people take care of each other.
He wore a baggy, blue hooded shirt, black beanie, a blue and white surgical mask, red or brown gloves, gray sweat pants, and dark shoes with white soles.
Birds are free.
With stories like these, the Jaipur Literature Festival nurtures the worldwide love of books and a deeper understanding of the human experience.
In February, 1826, Biela discovered in the constellation Aries a comet which was found to be travelling in an oval path round the sun, in a period of about six years seven and a half months.
Tom threw up on the pizza.
Do you really expect me to do the work of five people for minimum wage?
Mr. Punch has much pleasure in recommending the following Prospectus to the notice of parents desirous of finding a thoroughly practical school where boys are educated according to the real requirements of modern life.
Now the property of a circle is that every point of it is situated at the same distance from the centre, but in an ellipse there are two points within it, the "foci," and the sum of the distances of any point on the circumference from these two foci is constant.
Great quantities of wood were chopped, and from the way Joe kept eying the sky, the boys could see that he was afraid the storm would be on them before they could get everything in readiness.
The external genitalia include the labia majora, mons pubis, labia minora, clitoris, and glands within the vestibule.
Trappist monasteries are also called Cistercian monasteries, and they follow the Rule of St. Benedict.
The effects of the sting are, however, very extraordinary; in severe cases it appears to paralyse all the muscles of the body, sometimes with much pain, in others with little or none.
The variations in the flora also need more exact analysis before we can say what they betoken.
Wearing his signature white smiley face, orange hair, enormous shoes and big red nose, Creeky the Clown has been making people laugh for 30 years.
The Kaiser, by gifts of roses, has been trying to ingratiate himself with the Grand Duchess of Luxembourg, whose country he has invaded in defiance of treaty obligations.
It was a Boston critic who echoed the dictum of the French critic—that grammar has no place in the world of letters.
Her eyes remained motionlessly upon the girl's face; only the lids moved suddenly when Katharine spoke to her in German.
From zoology has arisen the study of transformism, which now dominates the whole of biology.
The most important theorem in regard to differentiable functions is the “theorem of intermediate value.”
On getting to the grand house and telling the flunkey he had come to see his master, the flunkey regarded him with disdain, and replied his lordship was engaged and would not see him.
Although fearsome, T-rex had comparatively puny, shrunken arms for its size, with only two fingers.
The IMF is committed to broadening the influence of the developing countries on the board, with Europe under pressure to give some of its seats to other countries.
You see mullets run up into little bays to feed, and we sometimes go after them with the net, especially at night.
The Indonesia Meteorology and Geophysics Agency issued a tsunami warning following the quake, but lifted it two hours later.
The effects of forces applied at different points and in different directions can be obtained by summation, and the effect of continuously distributed forces can be obtained by integration.
There are a few pieces of the old mahogany furniture left, showing to best advantage against the white panelling of the wall.
Tom's group was declared a terrorist organization by the government of Australia.
A lot of Jews died of COVID, like everyone else. The same is true of Chinese people.
Quite a few Holocaust survivors were ultimately done in by COVID.
RFK, Jr. shows that when you elevate a family to the point of royalty, you get spoiled princes.
If you comment on a sentence and you speak the language the sentence is in, you should comment in that language.
Like true royalty, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. blames the Jews for society's problems in order to distract people from his unearned wealth and power.
If he weren't a Kennedy, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. would be even more of a joke than he is now.
Biden doesn't need a more right-wing challenger like RFK, Jr.. He is already way too right-wing for this historical moment.
Never treat anyone like royalty, especially not royalty.
Yet she had that intuitive feeling of disaster that portends great and overwhelming events.
How dare you call this crap food!
It's easy for rich people to forgo payment for their services.
But it was only Aimée, in her gray cloak; and as the door closed behind her, that small person advanced toward him, crumpling her white forehead and looking quite disturbed at the mere sight of him.
While in Benares I visited a temple dedicated to Shiva, in which were several enormous bulls, the animal sacred to this god.
The findings made during MESSENGER’s mission included discovering that Mercury was abundant in volatile elements (potassium, sodium, and sulfur), that there’s water ice at its poles and that volcanism played an important role in shaping the planet’s surface.
Sexuality will only be private when the public stops disadvantaging certain sexualities.
Sexuality isn't private because homophobia makes it public.
Volodymyr became a refugee.
"The CIA is spying on me." "Correct. Who else?" "The FBI." "And who else?" "The NSA." "Who else? Think outside the box." "The GRU?" "Yes, good, but what about non-governmental?" "Thousands of corporations are spying on me." "Good. You understand."
You aren't married to your therapist.
You aren't married to your therapist, and even if you were, you could still get a new one.
The director of the World Trade Organization, Roberto Azevedo, responded coolly, saying, “A trade war is in no one’s interests.”
The fossilized remains of food found between the ribs of some specimens, in the place where the stomach was, together with fossil excrement, called coprolites, usually attributed to these animals, prove that they fed largely upon fishes, squids, belemnites, and probably other invertebrates.
Indeed, a remarkable aspect of the group is the way in which, despite its romantic tone and its Elizabethan form, it yet foreshadows the movement that English drama was about to make toward a ‘realistic’ presentment of life.
Tom died of a fentanyl overdose after insufflating what he thought was just cocaine.
In June of 2020, the Office for National Statistics released a report showing that Jews had a higher death rate from COVID in the United Kingdom than other ethnic groups.
We may wonder why some crested birds have this regal insignia bestowed upon them by nature, but it would be impossible to think of the waxwing without his crowning glory.
In his opinion, Robin Hood was neither a Saxon malcontent nor the hero of a poet's romance; nor yet was he 'a goblin or a myth.'
He had begun to dress more neatly and speak more grammatically; to look and act more like a spaceman and less like a barfly.
Milk isn't good for adult cats, and only cat milk is appropriate for kittens.
The discovery marks the first time since nineteen twenty-three that a new ant subfamily has been identified.
We don't want a peaceful solution.
LGBTQ pride symbols are illegal in some countries.
Vladimir is Tom's husband.
Sami is dating Tom, Tom is dating Vladimir, and Vladimir is dating Yanni. It's a lovely little polycule.
Yanni and Sami should hook up.
I think cats know how cute they are.
We're all crazy here.
The British royal family is German.
Then papa sits down by the table, and the mousey runs up his leg and jumps on the table, and then he takes the crumbs I put down for him.
Last year the Department issued over twenty-five hundred documents of all kinds, in editions aggregating nearly one hundred million copies.
To make toys and other wooden things teaches us to be patient, for often just at a critical moment something will come unstuck and we have to begin all over again.
While recruiters promise steady work at a good wage, the reality can be much different.
The other great work of Eratosthenes was his “Geographies,” including all previous knowledge on the subject, just as the “Elements” of Euclid had included all previous mathematical knowledge.
She aped Mrs. Atherton of Brier Hill, in everything, and had the satisfaction of knowing that she was on all occasions quite as stylish-looking and well-dressed as that aristocratic lady whom she called her intimate friend.
Straight white men can go anywhere in the world.
With the air of a weary child she laid her head against the cushions again, face to him, and watched him through lowered lashes, unsmiling.
One of the most successful and enduring feats of interplanetary exploration, NASA's Opportunity rover mission is at an end after almost 15 years exploring the surface of Mars and helping lay the groundwork for NASA's return to the Red Planet.
Cookie never warms up to anyone this quickly.
It's been three years.
Sometimes I found myself doubting whether it was not all some dream or some strange chimera of my unbalanced brain.
A number of sophisticated instruments aboard the Solar Dynamics Observatory are measuring the sun’s interior, its magnetic field, the plasma of the solar corona, and its irradiance or power of its electromagnetic radiation.
It's been three years since Tom and Mary came to Boston.
It's been three years since the incident.
It's been three years since Tom's incident in Boston.
It's been three years since the incident in Boston.
Space is fake.
In every city and village, wherever there is human life, with its evil passions and good affections, there are histories to stir the heart and unseal the fountains of tears.
It's not so much that scientists are bad communicators as that there is a lot of well-funded propaganda drowning them out.
Tom and Vladimir started a co-op.
Why do we resist tyranny from our governments but accept it in the workplace?
You've got an eye booger.
You've got eye boogers.
The U.S. Supreme Court isn't even trying to appear legitimate anymore.
His mechanical ingenuity has also been displayed in the construction of an orrery consisting of at least 1,000 wheels, which, by a single winch, turns all the planets in their respective periods, and also the whole of the satellites.
The region provides about ten percent of the world's catch, but growing demand means fish stocks are more quickly depleted.
Those of us who took part in the foundation of the Society for Psychical Research were convinced from personal investigation and from the testimony of competent witnesses that, amidst much illusion and deception, there existed an important body of facts, hitherto unrecognised by science, which, if incontestably established, would be of supreme interest and importance.
There the unmanned probe will begin mapping the surface of the moon and conducting other explorations over a period of about a year.
He never set his foot on the mount between Bethel and Hai; but he wrote with the most minute geographical accuracy.
His scales were glittering, his long spiky tail lashed his sides, his claws tore up the turf and sent it flying high over his back, and smoke and fire incessantly jetted from his angry nostrils.
It was then that she began the Saturday picnics for the school children, taking a wagonload of them out with Old Crummles to some lovely pasture or woodpiece, and frolicking with them all the morning.
The case has caused widespread unease across the city and many posted comments on social media voicing their fears.
The findings are a warning to conservationists that keeping a small pool of endangered animals could result in inbreeding and genomic meltdown.
The arrival of large numbers of big fish like wahoo and tuna has also invigorated California's saltwater sport fishing industry, which generates an estimated $1.8 billion a year.
At his home in Sana’a last week, Khalid Hassan, a 41-year-old tribesman, chewed qat leaves with his friends, a traditional afternoon pastime in Yemen.
On the north side the prairie was bounded by softly rounded knolls, between which tiny lakelets were visible, shining in the bright rays of the glowing sun.
Then, indeed, Hector knew that Minerva had deceived him, and that he stood there godforsaken, a doomed man.
By cozenage almost incredible, Benjamin, at the age of eighteen, had been thus lured off to London; the London of Addison, Pope and Sir Isaac Newton.
Vladimir has a son, Yuri Vladimirovich Ivanov.
Dog breeding is carried out for the sake of human needs and human aesthetics, and can thus be disadvantageous for the actual dogs.
Breeding leaves dogs and cats with a number of medical conditions.
Dog and cat breeding isn't natural selection.
That's Slovenian, not Slovak.
Cats are introverts and dogs are extraverts.
Sami met Vladimir in Moscow.
Sami and Vladimir met in Moscow and moved to Australia to start a life together.
Sami and Vladimir live together in Moscow.
All in all, matter near a black hole can be spaghettified, super-heated, squeezed, pancaked, pulled apart, and swirled around all while time itself stretches in unusual ways.
Rock is the most self-obsessed genre.
Rock is the most self-obsessed music genre.
Ms. Ambrose said there are only about 70 authenticated Caravaggio paintings in existence in the world.
In Vorpommern and Rügen, and thus in the towns of Greifswald, Stralsund and Bergen, among others, the old civic constitutions remain unchanged.
The boys were able to see that the man had bright red hair and that his face was covered with huge freckles or splotches of a dark, reddish brown hue.
They had never been very seriously cliqued up, but what there was of dissension was forgotten, and they were now one solid crowd.
The result is an eye-opening documentary about the political and cultural divides that still polarize Americans today.
Every Tuesday she engages her audience in a lively discussion with medical doctors, experts and various guests.
Don't swear and then deny it!
The Ming dynasty required the Kaifeng Jews to marry only Han Chinese people.
With a mighty throb of thankfulness and relief she felt the refluent blood stream to her heart once more.
It was so frightful, so atrociously hideous a scene, that two big tears again fell upon Pierre's cheeks, whilst Guillaume's blurred, despairing eyes gazed wistfully far away, seeking for the Future.
She says life is dearer to her now and her first priority is raising her children and doing everything she can to live a healthy, productive life.
Hospital practices that encourage breastfeeding include putting the newborn skin-to-skin with the mother right after birth, and not offering infant formula or pacifiers.
Pluto was called a planet from 1930 to 2006, when it was demoted because there appeared to be other bodies similar to Pluto orbiting beyond it, making Neptune the outermost planet.
In the mean time Larry, now as happy as an emperor, was tripping round the room without any shoes to encumber him as he withdrew the plates from the table.
Dredging is a fishing method in which a dredge is dragged across the sea floor, either scraping or penetrating the bottom.
Mr. Obama spent the holiday at his home in Chicago with his wife, daughters and a houseful of guests.
The fermentations which are most important in the tannery are, firstly, the ordinary putrefaction which attacks hides as well as other animal matter, and which is usually a complicated process carried on by many sorts of bacteria and other micro-organisms.
Sometimes Hayes's boats would come to within a mile or so of the entrance to Coquille Harbour in their quests for coco-nuts, but, fortunately for the peace of the villagers, their crews never ventured so far as the village itself.
The landmark surgery that separated the conjoined twins seven months ago lasted 23 hours.
Tom took a weed nap.
Catalan is more closely related to Occitan than to Spanish.
Did you say thirty or thirteen?
Marijuana was invented by Sir Thomas Marijuana for the 1939 World's Fair.
Royalty is fake.
The whole work is written in blank verse.
Jesus is typically referred to in Hebrew as Yeshu, a shortening of Yeshua (itself a shortening of Yehoshua) that is attested as having been in use during his time.
What's the difference between a prose poem and regular prose?
A recent Basic Law in Israel states that only Jews have the right to self-determination in the land. Israel is laying the grounds for its own dismantling.
It's not so much a judicial reform as the effective abolition of the independent judiciary.
It's not a judicial reform; it's a judicial takeover.
Retroflex consonants are said with the tongue touching the roof of the mouth.
Hermeticism has its advantages and disadvantages.
Books are Tom's kryptonite.
Commitment is like kryptonite to Tom.
Facts are like kryptonite to conservatives.
Testosterone is my kryptonite.
The feelings of others are like kryptonite for Tom.
Tom's feelings are his own kryptonite.
Sobriety is his kryptonite.
Alcohol is his kryptonite.
Wages are theft.
Rent is theft.
Rent is extortion.
Rent is highway robbery.
Shoplifting from massive corporations is a noble endeavor.
Alcohol is the international language.
Nicholas II had it coming.
Unlike Franco's family, the family of Nicholas II never complains about the treatment of his bones.
Love them or hate them, the Bolsheviks killed Nicholas II.
Unlike the family of Mussolini, the Romanovs do not remain a political dynasty that gets into Twitter fights with Jim Carrey.
Nicholas II is considered a saint by Russian Orthodoxy, which is an absolute disgrace.
Nicholas II was responsible, through inaction if nothing else, for a wave of pogroms that killed countless Jews, none of whom are treated as saints or martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church.
It was Nicholas II's job to stop the pogroms, and he had the ability to do so.
The Romanov family was seven people, nothing compared to the amount of blood on their hands.
Nicholas II was a demon, not a saint.
Many of the tropes of modern antisemitism were invented by czarist authorities in Imperial Russia.
Nicholas II loved pogroms because they distracted the people from his many crimes while inflicting harm on a community that tended to oppose his rule.
I couldn't kill an innocent person, even for some imagined greater good.
Chimpanzees are our more intelligent cousins.
Then a faintness came over her; she recalled the Viscount who had waltzed with her at the chateau, and his beard exhaled like this air an odour of vanilla and citron, and mechanically she half-closed her eyes the better to breathe it in.
To advance the international cause of human rights, we must first respect each other and refrain from politicizing human rights.
Most of the buildings were five or six stories in height, and their curtained, oblong windows and the bright, tawdry shops at their base had an oddly lifeless aspect, in spite of the sounds and animations which occurred within and around them.
I turn the key, open the door ever so little to peep inside, and before I have taken a good square look, Mr. Barry Pain slams the door in my face, and I think I can hear him laughing on the other side at the bruise on my forehead.
A World Health Organization independent committee of experts says the spread of monkeypox in a number of countries around the world is worrisome but does not constitute what the WHO calls a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.
Using a sextant, the sun and a watch to guide him, Amundsen made the 3,000-kilometer round-trip journey from a basecamp in Antarctica in 99 days.
The two parties have verged away from the political center reflecting a polarized country.
The area is home to many militia and rebel groups, and efforts to subdue or integrate the groups into the national army have largely failed.
Soccer star David Beckham and his wife Victoria have arrived in Bangkok, Thailand, on the second leg of their promotional tour of Asia.
He traveled more than 1,600 kilometers to give away a kidney at New York Presbyterian Hospital.
Whale Stranding Indonesia, a nongovernmental organization, says in 2020 more than 70 marine mammals were found stranded, including dugongs, which are medium-sized marine mammals that are related to manatees.
Nicholas II had it coming, but the kids should have been spared.
I don't care what you believe deep down. I care about what you put into the world.
What you believe deep down is a personal matter, unless it manifests in your behavior.
What you believe deep down has absolutely no effect on the world.
It's not possible to get a billion dollars by working.
Mussolini was treated appropriately.
Mussolini deserved worse than having his corpse be hung upside down in a public square.
The Bolsheviks relied on Jews for organizing muscle, but never for leadership.
The writer hereof has caught many a trout and perch off the banks opposite to the island, and has passed many a contemplative hour on the events of former ages, which have rendered the spot particularly interesting.
"I have many memories of those great days on Everest," said Sir Edmund Hillary, "memories of difficulties and danger and of comradeship and of team spirit."
On his return to Greece he founded the Ionian school, and taught the sphericity of the Earth, the obliquity of the ecliptic, and the true causes of eclipses of the Sun and Moon.
Roger Waters should stop.
The personality of Jasper is familiar to the author, so he works for a month or two and remoulds the play to fit him.
Catholic priests are raping girls, too, not just boys.
You have until October 20th.
I remember when we used to cut the umbilical cord with a sharp knife.
She had a long way to go, for the Fire-King held his court in the very centre of the earth, and she might have lost herself in the dark passages had not the glowworm lent her his lamp.
It was very dark under there, but Jack was at once certain that he was not the only hider from the light.
Haiti tries to recover from Hurricane Matthew's battering, while Floridians and other residents of the southern part of the U.S. East Coast brace for the storm's wrath.
The Professor remained silent lost in deep thought, apparently mulling over the story in his scientific way.
This morning, when I went to look at my flowers, surrounded by their white fence, which protects them against the good cattle grazing in the field beyond, I saw again in my mind all that blossoms in the woods, the fields, the gardens, the orangeries and the green-houses, and I thought of all that we owe to the world of marvels which the bees visit.
There was a moment or two of silence, broken only by the regular dip of the paddle, then Miss Sommerton said, “If you wish to desecrate this lovely spot by smoking, I presume anything I can say will not prevent you.”
Along with the Elbe, the Danube and Vltava rivers have overflowed after a week of heavy rains, causing extensive damage in the Czech Republic, Austria, Slovakia, Hungary and Poland.
But unlike Soviet collectives, corporate farms are highly mechanized and rely on few people.
The caterpillars were so transparent that under a low magnifying power the nervous, tracheal, and alimentary systems could be beautifully seen.
From morning till night she prattles away, hopping, skipping, and jumping from one subject to another, and saying something sensible or droll on each.
Unable to wield the sword, he seizes his poetical pen, resolved to become the Chronicler and Historian of the war, and thus add his little mite for the improvement of future generations.
People poured into more than 580 theaters in small towns across the country to watch versions dubbed in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and other Indian languages.
As beasts of labour buffaloes are excessively strong, but slow and unmanageable.
So even on the coldest nights, when the icy wind whipped the tree-tops, and the cold, pale stars peeped down among the branches, Dickie scampered through the woods with his friends and had the gayest of times.
A period of reform had now begun, and after 1909 a wave of "progressivism" overspread the country.
Gerontocracy, that is, government by the aged, is the most ancient form of government.
After being categorized for most of the last 10 years as an unconfirmed exoplanet candidate, scientists in Hawaii were finally able to confirm it as an actual planet.
Dancers are rehearsing a millennium-old Chinese tradition—the Lion Dance.
Tom has cat ears.
It's a misnomer to refer to non-crypto-currency as "fiat," since cryptocurrency is also fiat.
Are there any cryptocurrencies that aren't fiat, meaning that are backed by a physical resource?
Can you exchange any cryptocurrencies for a fixed amount of gold or silver?
Migration is human nature.
People move around.
How do you know your ancestors even lived where you do now?
If you go back far enough in time, your family's story is one of migration.
Why do you think Europe is so white and Christian? It isn't an essential quality of Europe; it was accomplished with blood.
Whatever it is, it sounds serious.
Why do fascists love the Unabomber?
I've been to the psych ward thirteen times.
Italy's third fascist leader is cracking down on LGBT people living their lives.
The Roman Catholic Church and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
Giorgia Meloni is an evil person.
Giorgia Meloni is a fascist.
Giorgia Meloni was a member of the neo-fascist Fronte della Gioventù.
Giorgia Meloni isn't religious, but uses religion as an excuse to hate social undesirables.
Like Francisco Franco and Benito Mussolini, Giorgia Meloni is interested in religion to the extent that it benefits her rule.
Successful fascists today are savvy enough not to call themselves fascists.
When Giorgia Meloni dies (hopefully soon), a new gender-neutral bathroom will open up in Italy.
They've got a long history of colonialism, slavery orphanages, and pedophilia, and the Catholic Church still has the audacity to lecture LGBTQ people.
Hitler wasn't defeated in a debate.
Mussolini was killed by some heroes while trying to escape Italy for Switzerland.
Money changers were in the Temple to solve the problem of Romans requiring people to use Roman currency, while the Temple continued to mint Jewish currency and require its use instead of the use of colonizer money.
It isn't the fault of the moneychangers, nor of those in charge of the Temple, that the Romans colonized Judea and required the use of their money.
The Roman Catholic Church is a continuation of the Roman Empire in many respects.
Romans went from being contemptuous of Jews for being one of their slave peoples to being morally outraged at Jews' sinful nature.
Government money should never go to religious organizations unless they agree to pay taxes.
"Where does the Catholic Church get off implying queer people are pedophiles when it has so many pedophiles among its ranks and nothing is ever done about them?" "Ah, you see, they're molesting boys, so the real problem is that they're gay and shouldn't be priests at all." "What about all the girls raped by Catholic priests?" "That would be fine if they weren't priests and married them." "You're a sick fuck and should never be allowed around children."
The Crusades were fought in an attempt to regain land colonized by the Roman Empire.
The mesenchymal tissue between the mesothelium and the ectoderm forms the mass of the skeletal, muscular and vascular systems.
Tom has a degree in mad science.
Catholics should get their own house in order before condemning queer people for far less.
There was a curious mixture of stupendous Samaritanism and tremendous indifference.
The real groomers are priests.
A real Messiah would have gone after the source of the moneychangers, the Roman occupation, because he would have had the power to.
The oarfish, which can grow to more than 50 feet (15 meters), is a deep-water pelagic fish, the longest bony fish in the world, according to the Catalina Island Marine Institute.
Historians say the 10-kilometer-long valley contains at least six houses of worship, including churches, monasteries and convents.
She must have been very beautiful as a young girl, but was now too fierce and hawkish looking, though you would still call her handsome.
The task, although rather arduous, was not displeasing to me, for a residence of several years in Egypt had rendered me tolerably proficient in the Arabic language and colloquial dialect, and my prior travels in various parts of the Sudan had made me familiar with the habits of the natives, besides procuring me the acquaintance of many merchants from the more distant provinces.
Although it is not given to every boy to be one of such a merry crew as that of the Swan, or to have opportunity for adventures such as those so graphically pictured in this volume, still there are many who, possessing certain opportunities, pass through the world with their eyes metaphorically shut.
Mining is bound to become a still stronger factor in civilization as metallurgical processes multiply and there are discovered means of more economically extracting the valuable contents of ores.
It is not, however, all Roman gods, cults, and myths that are discussed by Plutarch: he limits himself, on the whole, to those which are purely Roman, or rather purely Italian.
The clothing and linens are cleaned with locally produced and environmentally friendly detergents and delivered in reusable packages.
His head dropped upon his breast, and yielding to the fatigue he had undergone and the somnolent influence of the fire, he dropped into a deep slumber by the dull red embers that still smouldered in the grate.
Joel Simon says that while he feels guardedly optimistic about the future of journalism, he is also a realist.
To prepare the twins for their separation, doctors gave them conjoined dolls that they could snip with scissors to separate.
Congress and committees of Congress of course impeded the executive when there was no coercive public sentiment to check and rule them.
These letters might readily have been consigned to the depths of the wastebasket unopened, unread.
There is a new mechanical surgeon, equipped with two tiny pincers 1.8 millimeters in diameter, which is delicate enough to perform eye operations with more accuracy than human hands.
Well, young man, what do you think of a man of my age and rank crawling up cabins that don’t even belong to me, as though I were a boy shinning up a tree for apples!
Tourist numbers in Indonesia swelled last year on the back of overseas advertising and infrastructure development.
The applicant must be able to work with scientists to understand a concept and translate/reteach it to the public.
The report says science, technology, and innovation are necessities, not luxuries.
Egyptian was both a language and a branch of Afroasiatic.
It's really humid here.
Ronald Reagan was America's first neoliberal president, and the country has never recovered from him.
Reagan was economically neoliberal and socially a caveman.
Neoliberalism is a purely economic philosophy.
I'm on X.
I'm on E.
I'm on K.
I'm on PCP.
I'm on molly.
I don't use X.
Don't use X.
Never use X; get molly instead.
X is unsafe.
X is impure.
He drew out a roll of parchment, dusty, yellowed and half covered with spiderwebs.
"Jesus said—" "I don't care."
Dr. Meryon made a journey to Smyrna, where he raised money, and bought necessary articles for the shipwrecked party at Rhodes.
Why is Uranus so big?
Why is Uranus green?
Why is Uranus so large?
We need to probe Uranus.
How many Earths would fit inside Uranus?
Could we put a man on Uranus?
Nautical charts are known to have been in use since the thirteenth century A.D., but the earliest extant of which the date can be fixed is Vesconte's loxodromic chart of 1311.
He looked about him quickly and apprehensively and finding himself quite alone, began wandering about aimlessly, nervous and irritable.
The syncretist, the mystic, the devotee, the puritan, would find a congenial climate in these regions of Asia Minor.
We have a program to replant trees in areas where the forest is damaged or destroyed.
Philistine territory was divided into the territory of the five cities of Gaza, Ashdod, Askalon, Gath, and Ekron, the so-called Philistine Pentapolis.
Look! It's a truck-shipping truck shipping shipping trucks!
They were trying their darndest to act natural, but once in a while one of them would slip.
Uranus looks weird.
Who first discovered Uranus?
Johnston was the first to come to consciousness as the balloon sank into less rarefied atmosphere.
Why does Uranus look like that?
And, with their passion, swagger and cunning, the Corleone family depicted in the novel and on the movie screen helped shape popular images of the Sicilian-American crime syndicate.
They've been greatly troubled by the conflicting moral and ethical dilemmas in this case, the first of its kind in this country to come before the court.
Ted Nugent is a groomer.
"The original Hippocratic Oath made doctors swear not to perform an abortion." "And what was medicine like when that was written? The same as now?"
"The original Hippocratic Oath made doctors swear not to perform an abortion." "And how were women treated back then? Good?"
Uranus looks amazing in infrared!
American military recruitment rates are down because this generation isn't as indoctrinated as previous ones.
Young Americans today know the U.S. military isn't a bringer of peace, justice, and democracy.
Being told you're allowed to be yourself is the opposite of indoctrination.
A lot of well-intentioned kids signed up for the U.S. military after 9/11, thinking they were going to defend their homeland from attackers, only to be shipped off to Iraq for no good reason. Maybe this has something to do with the military's current low recruitment rates.
Tom believes he's irredeemably bad.
Tom blames himself for John's suicide.
People who are irredeemably bad don't worry that they're irredeemably bad.
In 1878, several syndicates of Paris, those of the machinists, joiners, tailors, leather dressers and others, accepted the collectivist program.
Jessy is one of four soloists featured on the "Guitar and Saxes 2009" tour, alongside saxophonist Euge Groove, guitarist Jeff Golub, and keyboardist Jeff Lorber.
For the next few weeks, millions of stargazers around the world may get a rare treat: seeing two comets in the night sky without using telescopes or binoculars.
Glass piles up waiting to be melted near the workshop, where there is also a shop selling glassware.
Primus sucks.
She began writing for a start-up newspaper, but her youthful enthusiasm, as yet unburdened by repression and its consequences, soon led to frustration with her editors.
Priam was married to Hecuba, daughter of Dymas, king of Thrace; and among the most celebrated of their children were the renowned and valiant Hector, the prophetess Cassandra, and Paris, the cause of the Trojan war.
Trying to write, he found that “my hand made wrong letters,” that is to say he had not only aphasia, but “agraphia” or loss of power to write.
Astatine was first made at Berkeley by bombarding bismuth with alpha particles, which produced astatine and released two neutrons.
Gator meat is a popular appetizer in restaurants, first chopped into small pieces then breaded, deep-fried and served with dipping sauces.
Humanitarian coordinator Hochschild said there was a "temptation to dehumanize one or another group" in a polarized country in conflict.
At dinner she talked to him so animatedly (and so personally) that no one else could get a word in edgewise.
Some things are worse than other things.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani’s government has confirmed it will attend the peace conference, which will be held under the auspices of the United Nations.
The sensitive mind recoils with indignation, disgust, and horror from the picture presented.
Interjections express a variety of feelings, such as joy, sorrow, surprise, pain, contempt and strong desire.
Outlawing migration is like outlawing going to the bathroom.
Being cruel to people for needing to migrate is like being cruel to them for needing to use the restroom.
Everyone's invited.
Bring a friend.
Tom lifted the barbell.
I just couldn't shake the feeling that I was being watched.
I'm getting flashbacks.
My mom is an excellent cook.
I'm going to go get something to eat.
When I got there, the place was empty.
The person I was speaking to wasn't Tom at all.
The scientists were shocked to discover the AI they had developed was capable of successfully catfishing people.
Tom challenged me to a rap battle.
Months of preparation had led up to this moment.
The exact moment of the attack was caught on camera.
The more powerful, the more corrupt.
The more power, the more corruption.
The blade was quite dull.
I don't think dogs are stupid exactly.
I used to be an addict.
Josh Helston glittered in the morning sunshine like a harlequin in a limelight, for he was spangled from head to foot with the loose silvery scales of the pilchards caught during the night, and on many another night during the past few weeks.
You see, I've been tied up all day to a tree and had two sore bashes on my head.
But eventually he had come to the conclusion that nothing on earth is unchangeable beyond a certain limit of time.
For years, science fiction writers have imagined cloaking devices that could make objects or people invisible.
Katanas are underpowered in d20.
Paleozoic rocks make up the eastern part of the Andean Mountains in Peru, while the western range is formed of Mesozoic beds, volcanic ashes and lava of comparatively recent date.
In response to the warning, Australian authorities say they are heeding the report's call for "ambitious, rapid and sustained" action to protect the reef.
The poets of the Augustan age would have celebrated such a meadow with the warmest raptures, and peopled its green expanse with all the sylvan demi-gods of their beautiful mythology.
Kent was their family doctor; he was not able to come before the evening, and found that the boy had pleurisy in the right side.
This collection, which I commend to the notice of the Folk-Lore Society, is very curious and original, abounding as it does in extraordinarily bizarre and beautiful variants of the best-known fairy tales, a very natural result of the peculiar combination in Roumanian of such heterogeneous elements as Romance, Slavonic, Magyar, and Turkish.
Another common feature of narcolepsy is cataplexy, which is a sudden loss of muscle tone in response to strong emotion (such as laughing, surprise, or anger).
That's a meme.
Nice meme.
Uranus is a meme.
But democracy is nothing else than the equality of men before the law, and is consequently above all the triumphant vindication of the right of the weak in their relations with the strong.
He had much more than brute force: he was a skilled and terrific basher.
The Emperor, himself a Netherlander and familiar with the character of the people, had deemed it prudent to abolish the Inquisition (at least in name) and not to interfere too strongly with those personal rights of the inhabitants which their municipal or provincial statutes guaranteed to them.
The poplars stood in two endless rows with their leafless branches pointing stiffly heavenwards.
Those feeding at the upper end of the valley seemed to be rams, some of them with very large horns, while those farther away were harder to identify, but appeared to be ewes and lambs.
In those days a village of thirty houses or more stood there; now no one liveth there, and only sometimes do the people come here to gather cocoanuts.
In Chandipur village in southwest Bangladesh, lush vines sprouting pumpkins and gourds cover the tin roofs of small homes.
Meanwhile, a coalition of political parties backing the government has requested setting up a special military court to try captured mutineers.
They were quite unanimous in agreeing that the Senhor Mathias Araujo, the hotelkeeper at Thomar, could not have received the letter or he would certainly have sent the carriage, of that there could be no doubt whatever.
The shot putter says she's ready to make the best throw of her life.
You've been hacked.
Not all furries yiff.
Tom is a Zoomer.
Everyone on that show is gorgeous.
He straight up murdered that guy.
Ronald Reagan ruined everything.
"Merry Christmas!" "I'm not a Christian." "Me neither; I'm an atheist." "And you're free to celebrate whatever Christian holidays you want, as long as you don't impose them on others."
We need a dark theme.
This site needs a dark theme.
Keep an open mind, but don't be so open-minded that your brain falls out.
After he became a man, he risked his life more than once in saving the lives of others, and it was a notable fact that many of the antagonists of his boyhood became, at last, his most intimate friends.
The flour we buy in Aragon, the nuts from Cordoba, the empanadas from Galicia.
A new king was appointed over Ashkelon, and Hezekiah was compelled to restore to Ekron its former prince, whom he had imprisoned in Jerusalem on account of his loyalty to Assyria.
A fetus isn't a person.
After my liberation I only stopped a day at Corfu in order that I might lose no more time, though I really wished to tarry there a little longer, the people were so kind.
The peculiar form of the mineral known as staurolite is due to the twinning of two crystals at right angles.
There was no longer the slightest doubt about the object lodged in the midst of that submarine growth being the hulk of a long sunken ship.
She could not tell the facts, for the child could not understand them; nor could she use the formula for such cases made and provided, and say: “Nothing is the matter,” or “I have a headache,” for neither statement would be true, and Roma was too purely truthful to prevaricate.
What moves thee, O man, to quit thy city habitations and leave thy friends and kin, and go in places wild by reason of mountains and valleys, if not the natural beauty of the world, the which, if thou well considerest, thou enjoyest only through the sense of sight?
Thus ended, for the present, this disgusting scene of iniquity and nonsense, in which all the actors seemed to vie with each other in prostituting the sacred names of friendship, generosity, and gratitude, in one of the meanest and most criminal transactions which history records.
We have an intertwined history, some of which is painful and some of which is prideful and all of which we must acknowledge, teach and never forget.
This year's Nobel Peace Prize recipient, Muhammad Yunus, says the award is shining the international spotlight on the fundamental link between alleviating poverty and maintaining peace.
He is undermining and dishonoring genuine victims and their causes at this tribunal.
He remained staring miserably across at the hills, whose still beauty he begrudged.
These booklets are not published as a financial venture—they are likely to be a failure in this direction, for the cost of printing alone equals the selling price, on account of the small number issued, only 250 copies, and fifty copies are not for sale.
As the king and queen entered, the horn blowers blew so loud that every one was quite deafened.
The purified antibodies, known as monoclonal antibodies, were infused intravenously into rhesus monkeys infected with a virus very similar to HIV.
Many students personalize their caps with inspirational quotes, feathers and glitter to stand out in a sea of other graduates for family and friends in the grandstands.
The committee that selects the eventual Nobel Peace laureate does not disclose the names of the nominees to the news media or to the candidates.
As soon as she heard the music, festival goer Patricia Joseph knew she had to dance.
The man was a huge hulking fellow in corduroys, but he did not look the villain by a long shot.
We saw a Catalan theater group perform Carmina Burana.
Living people are more important than fetuses.
Tom drinks wine with his pinky out.
I don't think we're in Boston anymore.
I don't think we're in Australia anymore.
I have a feeling we're not in Boston anymore.
I have a feeling we're not in Australia anymore.
Cookie brushed his tail against Tom's leg.
Cognitive behavioral therapy doesn't work for everything or everyone.
Women in full dress, pressmen, policemen, loafers, were pouring out and rushing in to Mr. Rohscheimer's residence!
Tom Wilkinson plays the passionate, bullheaded Arthur, who teeters between brilliance and lunacy.
The protests are being organized by a group calling itself You Stink, which came together in response to the government's failure to collect tons of garbage that have rotted in fetid piles in the capital for more than a month.
I had placed there as gamekeeper, an old retired gendarme, a good man, hot-tempered, a severe disciplinarian, a terror to poachers and fearing nothing.
For, though such colloquialisms as are peculiar to Public School life are naturally and rightly included, yet by far the larger number of the examples here set down do not, by any accepted method of classification, fall within that category.
John granted five charters to the City, and in this third charter he restored to the citizens two privileges, of which they had been deprived by Matilda and Henry II.
The lights on the highway were diamond-blue, and the road was dotted with headlights and taillights of thousands of cars like fireflies in the night.
The world looks at a conflict that has grinded on for decades, and sees a stalemate.
For days now most of the children have gone unwashed—there are only a handful of washing facilities available for a burgeoning population of asylum-seekers that U.N. officials here say numbers 12,000 people.
As the employee came down from looking at the top shelf, he misstepped, fell, and fractured his left ankle.
She's the goddess of time.
People matter more than fetuses.
Is there anything at the Lagrangian points of the Earth-Moon system?
Be responsible.
Do the right thing.
Tom isn't afraid to do the right thing.
Tom is afraid to do the right thing.
Tom is afraid of responsibility.
Since reasoning is essentially a purposive form of thinking, it is evident that any reasoning process will depend largely upon the presence of some problem which shall stimulate the mind to seek out relations necessary to its solution.
Tom has a phobia of Lagrange points.
Tom has a pet hawk.
Tom has a pet raven.
My favorite gospel artist is Flamy Grant.
Man made God in his image.
God made man in His image, and man immediately returned the favor.
The doctor told me not to come out here tonight.
The Internet was built by weirdos.
Tom is afraid the game was fixed.
Everyone I know is afraid to trust Tom.
I was too scared to become a lawyer.
Tom is afraid of wolves.
Tom is afraid he's a werewolf.
I'm afraid to change my schedule.
Most people are afraid to be like that.
I'm afraid of pigs becoming sentient.
Some people are afraid of Europe.
I'm afraid to do the math.
I saw you were afraid to throw that at Tom.
Tom was afraid the teacher saw him copying on the test.
Tom was afraid to be funny.
Tom is afraid of sugar damaging his health.
Tom is afraid to be angry.
Some people are afraid to need something like that.
I'm afraid your dog is thirsty.
Are you afraid there was shrinkage?
Of course sex ed should teach gay teens how to have safe anal sex.
Of course sex ed should teach gay teens how to have safe anal sex. Sex ed is about reducing harm.
Tom has three dogs and seven cats.
There is a difference between hard and soft drugs, although there is also confusion as to where the line is drawn.
"If they hadn't called me a Nazi, I wouldn't have become one." "Bullshit. You were rightly called out and then proved that they were correct."
Cocaine is overrated.
The life and health of a living person are more important than the "life" of a fetus.
Is Tamasheq mutually intelligible with Kabyle?
However there are still many points of contention, which could sidetrack a deal before a self-imposed January deadline.
And the protesters across the globe appear to be combining smartly offline and online tools, copying each other, even street opponents, feeding on a new era of anger, in which losers even in countries that hold fair elections are not prepared to accept the results and winners demand all too often total obeisance from those vanquished at the polls.
Just a 90-minute drive from Washington, D.C., one company is working to take oil from the canola plant from the field to the fryer to the fuel tank, and do it all locally.
America owes the descendants of enslaved people reparations for their as-yet-unpaid labor.
He saw himself in the prime of life, suddenly flung from the place to which he had climbed, flung down to join all those poor millions of strugglers whose first foot has yet to be planted upon the first rung of the great ladder.
At the Waste Water Treatment Plant in Boulder, Colorado, technician Dan Wadas leads nervous biology students toward what he says will be the smelliest part of their tour—the headworks.
She says she was a nun until her late 30s, when she left the nunnery to get married, although she continued to be a nurse.
Inwardly congratulating himself on the change which his present duty ensured him from the hardships of bivouacs and bad quarters to at least a day or two's enjoyment of the fleshpots of Pampeluna, he rode gaily along at the head of the escort, chatting and laughing with his second in command.
Some call him a thief; others impute unto him a kind of sub-cannibalism, inasmuch as he bringeth unto his fleshpots that sagacious canine creature known for ages as the friend and companion of man.
The original Taj Mahal, adorned with Rajasthan marble, Chinese crystal, Tibetan turquoise and silver from Ceylon, was made with backbreaking manual labor over 12 years.
What's the point of camping if you're on the grid the whole time?
Just three weeks after opening in theaters, Star Wars: The Force Awakens has become the top grossing film of all time in North America, according to The Walt Disney Company.
But Mona had no thought for kettles, or tea, or granny either, for her whole mind, her eyes, her ears, and all her senses were with the heroine of the fascinating story she was absorbed in; and who could remember fires and kettles and other commonplace things when one was driving through a lovely park in a beautiful pony carriage, drawn by cream-coloured ponies, and seated beside an exquisitely dressed little lady who had more money than she could count, and insisted on sharing all with her companion?
I still get carded at the liquor store.
Cats are so pure.
Elon Musk deadnames his own daughter but wants everyone to start calling Twitter "X."
There are people who are only sad about homelessness when it happens to combat veterans.
There are people who only care about PTSD when it happens to combat veterans.
Cities are less dangerous than small towns.
Ukraine has a good way of dealing with politicians who do complete 180s after being elected.
The force carriers for gravity are hypothetical things called gravitons, for electromagnetism they're the photons.
"I don't have a girlfriend because of feminism." "Ever think you might be the problem?"
After being divorced for being an abusive narcissist, Steven Crowder blamed divorce laws.
I have a shepherd-dog that has known me well, but the friendship is often interrupted by partings of some months' duration.
Flavius Claudius Julianus, son of Julius Constantius and nephew of the Emperor Constantine, was born at Constantinople in 331 A.D.
Immortality is a vain pursuit.
There's a famous case of a jackdaw nest in India that was composed entirely of gold spectacle frames.
Drug dealers, racketeers, terrorists and other criminals have to conceal the sources of the money they earn through their illegal activities.
A dispute arose between the Boeotians and the Athenians respecting the confines of their several territories; it was proposed to decide the difference by a single combat between Thymaetes and the King of the Boeotians.
There is no step three.
Why are the tech elites trying to convince people reality is an illusion?
The study also suggests such collisions could lead to significant atmospheric gains if the colliding object also has a thick atmosphere.
The certificate, costing about 60 cents, must then be retrieved from the district civil registrar’s office.
Gina Rodriguez took home the Globe for best comedy TV actress for her performance in “Jane the Virgin,” based on a Venezuelan telenovela.
The Commissioner General in his comments to you some time back has mentioned about the risks of a humanitarian catastrophe and whatnot.
If it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports, how come trans women aren't dominating in any sport?
If it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports, how come coaches aren't trying to recruit trans women to get an edge?
Because there is no rational argument for keeping trans women out of women's sports, the argument ends up becoming a proxy for people's views on trans women in general. People who dislike trans women see this as the frontier in their effort to push broader hatred of trans women.
Employees don't cost money; employees make money. Most of this money is unjustly kept by employers.
Shareholders leech off of the productive work of a company.
The U.S. should slash its military budget in half.
The U.S. should slash its military budget.
Trans women in sports is an issue that really tugs at how people feel, making them neglect the facts in front of them.
Tom is an unpaid shill for Elon Musk.
People who think it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports are putting feels before reals.
A few years ago, it was found desirable to compute some very accurate logarithmic tables for the use of the great national survey of Ireland, which was then, and still is in progress; and on that occasion a careful comparison of various logarithmic tables was made.
You stand isolated and alone, unable to persuade the Patent Examiners, the Board, the courts, possibly even the inventor, to accept your view of the case.
"If Jesus came back, he'd be canceled on social media." "And he'd be the first to tell you this was better than crucifixion."
But the list would be too long should we attempt to enumerate all the birds, great and small, whose home is in Washington.
Christianity took one of civilization's greatest evils, crucifixion, made it all about just one guy, and blamed it on a people that was a constant victim of it.
Crucifixion was objectively horrible and was commonly dealt out by the Romans.
Jesus wasn't the first or last Jew to be crucified.
The storm had cleared the air: the rain had ceased; and though it was unpleasant walking over the soppy ground, the march was much cooler than it had been earlier in the day.
Tom is waiting in the anteroom.
Tom got up and walked through the anteroom into Mary's office.
Tom is studying metallurgy.
Tom is a metallurgy professor at Harvard University.
Is Boston a major center for metallurgy?
He says he closely consults with a doctor, and takes medication which has codeine or other pain-killers.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is a historically important city for metallurgy.
Tom composed a short requiem in Mary's honor.
The book brings back hardboiled detective Tom Jackson for another caper involving drugs, murder, and intrigue.
Tom is flighty when it comes to projects.
My boss accused me of being flighty, so I immediately quit.
Tom is a serial fabulist.
Aesop was a Greek fabulist.
Mitochondria evolved from independent organisms into organelles.
All Trump did when he was president was watch TV, which he called "executive time."
Tom has kompromat on John.
Tom is a scientific materialist.
I tend to look at things from a scientific materialist perspective.
I hate crybullies.
Who invented the hypertext transfer protocol?
Keir Starmer claims the Labour Party are the real conservatives.
Are you a web developer?
Is "that" functioning as a pronoun or a determiner here?
Tom is a garbage man.
Has the garbage man been by?
What day does the garbage man come?
Tom wants to be a garbage man when he grows up.
Please feel free to express any concerns frankly; this will not count against you.
Tom was late for the PTO meeting.
Tom is the chairperson of the PTO.
Tom works at the PTO as an examiner.
Do you know how to use the PTO's databases?
Tom has a knee contusion.
He was devastatingly blunt.
Thrusters aren't used as much in space travel as you would think.
Tom appealed for clemency.
It's sort of a left-wing in-joke.
I usually just hold down the shift key instead of pressing caps lock.
This defeatism is why we're stuck with this unjust system.
Tom used me as a character reference.
It's not that your criticism is too controversial, but that it's facile.
The poem is facile.
The plot is facile.
I posted in my first newsgroup when I was thirteen years old.
We went to a burlesque show.
The motive for this was pure animus.
Tom works at Mary's realty company.
Gorse bushes flaunted their colour, larch trees hung out their tassels and celandines starred the bright green grass in an air which seemed palpably blue.
The metamorphosis of insects, which I have previously mentioned as one of their most essential attributes, consists of four distinct stages, viz., the Egg, Larva, Pupa, and Imago.
Prepare the vegetables in the usual way, dicing them carefully, and just before serving mix them together, season well with salt, and add the salad dressing.
Shingles, a painful nerve infection, affects millions of people around the world each year.
The creation showcases China’s progress in voice recognition, text mining and semantic analysis, all of which is covered by natural language processing.
Although the threat of a bioterrorist attack using Yersinia pestis, the germ that causes plague, is unlikely, there are examples throughout history of Y. pestis being used as a bioweapon.
Police budgets in American cities have gone up, not down.
We won't be able to milk her until she gives birth.
That rhyme is facile.
It's a facile plot device.
I don't like Tom Jackson's writing because of all the facile alliteration.
From her school have come very many of the young dancers and, even more important, many of the young choreographers who are making ballet history today.
Harris played the leading role, and the twin brother costarred in the film, as well as directing and writing it.
The field which is concerned with the search for extraterrestrial life has come to be called "exobiology."
The methanol was detected in the region that is equivalent to where Pluto and comets are found in our own solar system.
They learned that children frequently ate unwashed fruit that fell to the ground, and peeled away the lychees' rough-textured red skin with their teeth.
The score was tied in the final seconds and Jordan took a shot—but he bobbled the ball, launched it awkwardly and it nicked the rim.
The group says the ocean is littered with 150 million metric tons of plastic trash, clogging coastlines, ensnaring wildlife and even littering land far from any human settlement.
Other injuries included a broken nose, a dislocated shoulder and a hairline fracture of a cheekbone.
We're going camping.
I know just as little as you do.
It's not Halloween.
I'm actually not Canadian.
I'm not actually Canadian.
I'm going to go find the water spigot.
The darkness here was made visible by an oil-lamp, in shape resembling a tin coffee-pot with a wick in the spout, which burnt black and smokily.
A man of wealth, education and spirit, he wished his house to occupy a proud place among the distinguished buildings already lending character and urbanity to the colonial city of Annapolis.
We got here around 2:30.
We've been here since 2:30.
We got home around 2:30.
We got here at 2:30.
We got home at 2:30.
I have three bars.
I've got three bars.
I don't really give a fuck.
I buy it for you, not for me.
It's just like chicken, but vegan.
Don't tell me that my knee is going to betray me again!
I left my phone in here.
Just say whatever.
It does what it says on the tin.
Bush lied and people died.
There's an outlet there.
Follow the cord.
That's a transformer.
My brother Tom is in Boston.
My brother Lou is in Budapest.
The greaves, which were made of flexible metal plates, fastened behind with buckles, covered the front part of the legs from the ankles to just above the knees.
During the pandemic, TikTok, Twitter and Snapchat are proving to be effective in rallying the younger generation.
Firefighters battling Spain's largest wildfire of the year got a break Tuesday as wind gusts abated.
The huge convention-hall still rang with the thunders of applause, and most of the delegates were on their feet shouting or waving their hats, when Harley slipped from his desk and made his way quietly to the little side-door leading from the stage.
Then, twiddling some knobs on a mixing board, he smiles and says, “But I hope my music is nice.”
But AGRA is peppering small communities with cassava processing machines and encouraging women to sell flour.
The ambition of Hypatia was to revive the flowering-time of Greece, when Socrates and Plato walked arm in arm through the streets of Athens, followed by the greatest group of intellectuals the world has ever seen.
Members of the team include specialists in the field of neurosurgery, pediatric surgery, plastic surgery, obstetrics and gynecology, urology, orthopedic surgery, pediatrics and anesthesia.
Scientists say they believe the formation occurred 520 light-years away in the Auriga constellation, also known as the charioteer.
The beetles, which are known to infest all kinds of seeds and beans, spoiled most of the seeds left exposed on the forest floor.
Tom's in that tent.
I think this trail leads to the waterfall.
I need to take some pictures.
This is the best campsite here.
Have you been camping before?
Want to go camping?
We get a lot of privacy here.
I need to take a picture of that waterfall.
Everyone smush together so I can take a picture.
Everyone squeeze together so I can take a picture.
Are there bears in this park?
Has anyone ever been attacked by a bear in this park?
What do I do if I see a bear?
Where can I go to see bears?
What's the best place for stargazing here?
Why are white supremacists always the least supreme whites?
Richard Spencer doesn't even know how to make toast.
A lot of trans women will tell you from experience that the phytoestrogens found in soy have no feminizing effect on humans.
It was made in China.
In 1673, the colony was reconquered, but finally, in 1674, was ceded to the English, and the brother of Charles II. resumed his possession and government of New York, and delegated his power to Colonel Nichols, who ruled with wisdom and humanity.
Software is considered "cracked" when its digital license files and access control features have been disabled or bypassed.
They also say such laws allow workers to enjoy the same benefits as unionized workers without having to pay union dues.
That the character V had both a consonantal and a vowel sound is clear from the unanimous statements of the Roman grammarians, who say that frequently when before a vowel it becomes consonantal.
Like many small town archives, there are high school yearbooks, newspapers, even old telephone directories.
"There, now I suppose you're satisfied!" he said, sulkily, but his instructor was not, it seemed, satisfied.
In a scandal that shocked the financial world, prosecutors say the executives spent the pilfered money on luxury items such as expensive homes and properties in Beverly Hills, New York and London; a 300-foot superyacht; and fine art by Monet and Van Gogh.
In the laboratory there is a piece of abstract art that is composed of images of neuron networks, showing their vast complexity.
Officials of the opposition Democratic Party say the case has political overtones and may be designed to weaken them prior to the start of next year’s legislative and presidential elections.
When they reached the house again, the swallow said, "Well, do you think that the life of a bird is unalloyed pleasure?"
What's the best time to see the Milky Way?
Neptune is on the horizon.
Saturn is out.
Uranus should be visible later.
I'd love to see Uranus.
I've always wanted to see the Milky Way.
That's Vega.
That bright star there is Vega.
I've always wanted to see Uranus.
Roughly 30 or 40 patients are lined up at the outpatient center to see a doctor.
Nature had gifted Defoe with untiring energy, a keen taste for public affairs, and a special aptitude for chicanery and intrigue.
Kaspersky Labs says Flame has been active for more than two years with the ability to steal information from infected machines, including documents, screenshots, and audio recordings.
Young people were in evidence all over midtown Friday night, dancing, dining, and strolling down the avenues.
He says this robotic prototype is fashioned after the pond skimmer, an insect that can glide over water with little drag or friction.
We are not hostile to these corporations; we are merely determined that they shall be so handled as to subserve the public good.
The sad tone of his speculations about the universe and human destiny gave an impression of mournfulness to his lines, but this rather deepened the pathos of his work.
We found the people most gentle, loving, and faithful, void of all guile and treason, and such as live after the manner of the golden age.
Sinclair's team has zeroed in on a group of genes they believe are involved in life extension, called SIR2 or "sirtuins."
At this the innkeeper waxed very wroth, and threatened if he did not pay to compel him in a way that he would not like.
We could always make a day trip there.
Cops can already do that.
Contrary to decades of fearmongering over the dangers of cities, city dwellers tend to live longer than people in small towns.
Prior to his anti-communist witch hunt, Joe McCarthy made his name defending Nazi war criminals.
Kevin McCarthy is the most pathetic person in U.S. politics.
Kevin McCarthy doesn't do anything of his own volition.
Kevin McCarthy is owned by extremists representing a tiny fraction of Americans.
I was psychotic at the time.
It's my dog Cookie's birthday.
It's Cookie's birthday.
It's my best friend Cookie's birthday.
I have reason to believe Tom is a federal informant.
I have reason to believe Tom is an FBI informant.
Tom confessed to me that he was an informant.
I want more pictures of Uranus.
Then the fanatic Gallic forces of the Revolution entered the Rhineland, and laid the magnificent castle in ruins.
Belgians and tourists stroll through Christmas markets that sell hot, spiced wine and Belgium's famous waffles.
His time had been occupied to the utmost; and marvellous had been the results of his evangelistic labours.
Radiated tortoises are extremely rare, and experts say they may be on the verge of extinction.
The child was always with her, and she knew no happiness save in evoking and responding to his love.
In court, he has never shown remorse, but has mumbled incoherently and has made strange gestures.
Haverford had checked it for cracks, made sure the windows were caulked, and now kept constant guard.
But from the mountain's grassy side a guiltless feast I bring; a scrip with herbs and fruits supplied and water from the spring.
I wish I hadn't burned my old notebooks.
Uranus is so big that 63 Earths could fit inside it.
On a hillside by a brook the countryfolk were winning their hay, and their voices reached me softly from far off.
As the setting sun was resting on her shoulder, I decked her hair with wild flowers, and whispered in her ear that she would remember evermore the day we spent together.
So many mammal lineages have independently decided to return to the water that there must be something to the idea.
I wish Tom would keep his religion to himself.
We got it all done in three days.
I tend to take things personally.
I would get up, but I can't wake Cookie.
Tom was surprised by how much he enjoyed the opera.
I love Tom's new design.
I guess that's what happened.
What's important is that you survived.
They were homeless at the time, but they always tried to help other people out.
If you're right, this may be the most important thing we've ever discovered.
I go to bed after work at around eight in the morning and wake up around three in the afternoon.
It's not necessary that you do it.
It's not essential.
It isn't essential.
Mary was mistaken for a transgender woman in the bathroom and harassed.
Mary was harassed in the bathroom for being a transgender woman.
Age isn't just a number, but it's possible to be in shape at any age.
It's easy to talk to Tom.
Tom is approachable.
Tom is very approachable.
I wasn't bleeding, but it hurt.
The coffee is acceptable.
I'm not acquainted with the man.
You don't look like a poet.
You don't look like a vegan.
You don't look like a vegetarian.
It's an auspicious day.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day to day, to the last syllable of recorded time; and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!
If the January 6, 2020 riot at the U.S. Capitol had been a left-wing protest, everyone near the building complex who didn't work there would have been arrested that day.
If Kyle Rittenhouse had been a left-winger, he would have been killed by U.S. Marshalls without trial.
You're not a libertarian if you support prisons and borders.
Anti-immigration policies are inherently authoritarian.
You can't deport people or keep them from crossing the border without employing authoritarianism.
Why should America be majority-white?
If America supposedly needs to take steps to preserve its majority-white character, doesn't that prove people are correct to call America a racist country?
I call Israel a racist country because, among other things, its leaders put the preservation of a Jewish majority ahead of the human rights of Arabs.
America has two sides, center-left and far-right. The center-left seeks harmony and makes concessions while the far-right beats its chest, scratches its armpits, grunts, and demands more concessions.
The center-left and far-right collaborate, using every tool at their disposal, to keep the left from ever getting a fair chance in the United States.
Center-left people, as a rule, more easily see themselves in the far-right than in the left.
Center-left people have more empathy for the far right than for anyone to the left of them.
The Kinsey study continues to suggest that the number of out LGBTQ people is still well below the number of people who actually qualify.
Jews among the Bolsheviks constituted organizing muscle, not leadership. Most were later purged.
Jews did not direct the Bolsheviks.
The Bolsheviks obeyed a central authority, Lenin, who was not Jewish.
Trotsky wasn't a Bolshevik until the Revolution happened.
Most Jews in the RSDLP were Bundists.
Johnny Depp wasn't exonerated of beating Amber Heard; he won a kangaroo court case in a carefully-selected venue.
Johnny Depp remains a domestic abuser.
Johnny Depp admitted on tape to beating Amber Heard.
Johnny Depp lost a libel case in the notoriously celebrity-friendly United Kingdom, so he chose the only venue that would give him more deference.
The use of defamation cases to silence abuse victims is a growing problem.
Having a legitimate jury decide something is one thing; having a non-sequestered jury that had full access to the Internet decide what the Internet mob was shouting is another.
The decision of the jury in the Depp-Heard case was legally baseless.
The jury in the Depp-Heard case was improper, having been given full access to the Internet, and its decision had no basis in law.
Amber Heard did not defame Johnny Depp; she was made an example of for being a bitch who stepped out of her place. There was no legal basis for claiming she defamed him.
Amber Heard didn't even name Johnny Depp in the supposedly defamatory comments.
Regardless of your personal misogynistic hatred of the defendant, she did not break any laws.
As much comfort as it may give you to hold the same opinions as the carefully-selected kangaroo court of some random Virginia county where neither the plaintiff or defendent lived, the fact remains that the decision was legally baseless.
It sometimes seems like Tom collects bad habits.
Wet dogs smell awful.
"What's the capital of California?" "Los Angeles." "No; it's Sacramento."
What's the capital of Burkina Faso called?
"I wasn't talking about Marie, but Maria." "Oh, I get it now. Thanks, Mary."
What's a language lab and what do you do there?
Kabyle is a really cool language.
Honestly, at this point, I'm tired of Tom.
Honestly, at this point, I'm sick of Tom.
Honestly, at this point, I don't care what Tom does.
They didn't perish; they were murdered.
You can still get COVID if you're fully vaccinated.
He was singing a song.
Tom can be an overbearing man, but he's always willing to help others out.
The gist of the Nuremberg trials is that everyone is ultimately responsible for their own decisions.
If you had come today, I wouldn't have been able to give you your present.
I was doing homework at my bedroom desk.
Tom has an army of bots that he's using to discredit Mary on Twitter.
The government sucks.
It wasn't the best concert I'd ever seen, but it was good.
They're all worthless.
I'm spending my vacation reading history in Latin.
He was a coworker of mine.
The doctor told me the illness was incurable.
But the new focus for NASA, as outlined in the proposed 2011 budget, is not on shuttle launches or lunar landings.
The UK needs and deserves a left-wing party who cares about the interests of the workers and the rest of the downtrodden.
Security forces fear that hardliners among the demonstrators may not adhere to such promises.
Why does the UK's Labour Party still call itself that?
Amber Heard was deprived of her right to a fair trial in Virginia.
How did I manage to trick some people into liking me?
The UK has become a fiercely transphobic country.
It is much harder to refute a lie than to tell one.
The exterior hardly merits description, though the domes or cupolas with their brilliant green, yellow, and white tiling are not without a certain bizarre beauty.
This city has been through hurricanes, pandemics and so much more—but it always perseveres just like it will this time.
Beyond the British Islands the Wood Warbler is found throughout Europe, though rare in the north, and it extends eastward to Siberia and southward to Algeria, Egypt and Abyssinia.
The Somali government has declared a national emergency over a locust upsurge which is spreading in the East Africa region.
It is really quite a moving juxtaposition to see these great traditions speaking to one another.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami said in its latest bulletin Sunday that Ophelia's winds have decreased to 175 kilometers per hour and it is traveling north-northeast towards Cape Race, Newfoundland in Canada.
My partner is nonbinary.
My partners are nonbinary.
It's the end of the world.
The river-bed showed golden tintings, and green reflections from the opposite bank danced on the ripples.
There wasn’t positive proof, but one of the Coast Guard planes on regular patrol the previous Saturday night had picked up a strange blip on its radar screen.
The UK is no longer safe for LGBTQ people.
The UK has regressed to the days of Section 28.
Most LGB people in the UK support trans people, with lesbians being the strongest supporters.
Record the police.
Film the police.
Heckle the police.
Be disrespectful to the police.
Throw rocks at the police.
Be rude to the police.
Don't talk to the police.
Lower police morale.
Delivery drivers are more likely to die on the job than police.
Pause it.
If it comes back from commercial, pause it.
Can you pause it?
Bottom surgery made me feel so much better.
We need to take our shots.
I thought I'd always have genital dysphoria, but then I was surprised to get the opportunity to have bottom surgery.
I had top surgery.
I had vocal feminization surgery.
I had facial feminization surgery.
I had electrolysis.
I had laser hair removal.
Tom has top surgery scars.
They can technically vote for whoever they want.
The American president is elected by an undemocratic process.
Trump was never democratically elected.
The majority of Americans have always opposed Trump.
Not only did Trump not win in 2020, but he didn't even really win in 2016.
If the U.S. is a democracy, when did it become one?
I'm gray ace.
I'm gray asexual.
Eighteen times two is thirty-six.
It's surreal, isn't it?
It's pretty avant-garde.
It ended up being more complicated than that.
They’re not even certain Juliet is female; macaw gender is near impossible to determine by sight, and requires either genetic testing of feathers or blood, or examination of the gonads.
A highly prized species of tuna appears to be making a slow but noticeable comeback in the Atlantic Ocean.
Initially, the government appropriated all of their land so they could be used by foreign investors.
Don't you think Tom's been acting strange?
My parents are both nonbinary.
Three of my four parents are nonbinary.
Who left all these books here?
The money was right here a second ago, and now it's gone.
Tissaphernes went to the king.
The greatest warrior of his time, 3,000 years ago, fights on the side of the Greek king Agamemnon in a war against the walled city of Troy and its forces led by Trojan prince Hector.
Cyrus was killed at the Battle of Cunaxa.
You're leaving me no choice.
I never broke that window.
I'm human.
The ship made it back to port.
Learning about the depth and wideness of one's language is a way of finding one's identity.
Good day to you, sir!
Remember to drink lots of cranberry juice.
We need to stop and get cranberry juice.
Similar solar farms are springing up in several states as businesses and investors begin to tap the potential of solar power.
Out west, especially, where there are plenty of campgrounds and national parks, you see thousands of motor homes.
What's the money for?
Why do you need the money?
We’re often just sort of winging it—we’re trying stuff out and seeing how it goes, and that trial-and-error process means that there are errors happening.
That's too specific.
After 25 minutes, the bus arrived at the first military checkpoint, where some individuals were asked to disembark with their identity cards, including me.
The anti-war movement has a long tradition in the United States that's rooted in the country's Quaker and Unitarian religious communities.
Top surgery is a joyous thing.
If you want marginalized people to just go away, you're an authoritarian. Words mean things.
If you don't want people of a certain race, gender or sexuality to exist, you're inherently an authoritarian.
Fuck the New York Times.
If you demand people of a certain race live a certain place, and that none of them live where you live, you're an authoritarian.
If you support racial profiling, you're an authoritarian.
A lot of authoritarians think they're anti-authoritarian, and in an act of projection, they label everyone who differs from their narrow view of what's acceptable as "authoritarian."
An example of an authoritarian projecting was when Jordan Peterson called it "authoritarian" for a fat person to be on the cover of Sports Illustrated. It was him who was being authoritarian, demanding magazines cater to his personal tastes.
Let's change the world.
Boris Johnson is an antisemite.
The campaign to label Jeremy Corbyn an antisemite blatantly ignored Boris Johnson's own antisemitic novel.
As a great example of how transphobia intersects with racism, look at the accusations by American right-wingers that Michelle Obama is a trans woman.
Don't remind the orphan of his misfortunes!
Sugary drinks have been linked to a variety of maladies, including obesity, Type 2 diabetes and heart disease.
But many of those pirating music on the Internet see themselves as music promoters rather than criminals.
Marie? I thought your name was Maria.
I don't just like you because you're cute, but you are cute.
According to CNN, in 2012, a British schoolboy found a .6-kilogram piece of ambergris and was paid $63,000 for it.
There's a lot more to you besides your looks.
It's just pot.
Tom has been lying to us about everything.
Tom wouldn't lie to us.
Tom wouldn't lie to us, would he?
Tom's decision wasn't based on the facts, but it was his decision.
Tom invented that.
Tom didn't invent that.
You didn't start that.
You didn't make that up.
Didn't you make that up?
Did you make that up?
Did you come up with that yourself?
You came up with that yourself, didn't you?
You didn't come up with that yourself.
I didn't come up with that myself.
I came up with that myself.
I came up with that one myself.
Tom came up with that one himself.
It helps native bees.
What is causing colony collapse disorder?
Bumblebees are cute.
Are you ready to go to the store?
Do you want to take a bath?
You can't be an anarchist and a capitalist at the same time.
You're either an anarchist or a capitalist; you can't be both.
Mainstream Democrats have spent decades serving as controlled opposition for the Republican establishment. RFK, Jr. is an attempt by the billionaires behind Trump's takeover of the Republican Party to impose a new controlled opposition obedient to them.
A lot of people are saying Elon Musk is a pedophile.
Play Freebird!
He was the ever-living Somali poet whose poetry addressed themes of love, kindness, national solidarity and uncompromising directness.
The position of being holier than thou is really easy to take when you are a spectator.
Any potential competitor needs to have strong technical specifications, functionality and visual appeal.
By the end of this weekend past we had despatched enough food now to feed over 250,000 people.
About 10 percent of the women with low vitamin E lost their babies, compared with the 5 percent of pregnant women with higher vitamin E levels who miscarried.
If you go to enough concerts in the U.S., eventually you will hear it. It will probably be towards the end of the night, as the band is winding up, maybe trying to decide what to play for their final song. And then someone will yell out, "Play Freebird!"
"Freebird" is a 1973 song by southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, who are probably best-known for their anthem "Sweet Home Alabama." "Freebird" hit the top 40, and has been voted as having one of the best guitar solos of all time.
Today, however, "Play Freebird!" is yelled at bands who almost certainly don't have "Freebird" in their repertoire, with no intention that the band treat the exclamation as a request.
So yelling "Play Freebird" at a concert has become something of a heckle or a joke, sometimes meant to imply that the performer is a hack, sometimes simply intended to be ironic and get a chuckle.
The loss of public support will make it increasingly difficult for the populist leader to surmount growing opposition to his leftist policies.
The storms tore roofs off homes, toppled trees, downed power lines and created so much debris that cleanup crews had to use a snowplow to clear one highway in Ohio.
We are having a three-year crisis simply because the energy sector has been grossly mismanaged.
I used to eat a lot and then make myself throw up.
I used to be bulimic.
I've lost all gag reflex.
But at the same time, localization of operations could lead to more investment, according to the report.
The case made national news when a defense expert said that his wealthy parents treated him too softly, which ingrained a sense of irresponsibility, or what he termed “affluenza.”
The U.S. is governed by a cabal of Christian fascist tyrants appointed largely by unelected leaders, known as the Supreme Court.
The U.S. Supreme Court is even less legitimate now than it was before it was taken over by theocrats appointed by unelected leaders.
In the U.S., a Christian fascist minority rules over a liberal majority.
Cats can come.
Following a decisive round of voting Wednesday in the council, the veteran politician and diplomat prevailed with 13 votes in favor of his candidacy, none objecting and two votes of “no opinion.”
Life will kill you.
Lie to the police.
Uranus is sometimes visible to the naked eye, but is very dim.
Head to a remote area and look up at the sky after midnight.
After midnight, the Milky Way really starts to show.
Donald Trump is owned by billionaires, but probably no longer is one himself.
He was allowed to go to Britain last month to undergo treatment for a prolapsed disc—a medical condition affecting the spine.
Parts of the western United States are seeing record high temperatures in the midst of drought—signaling, experts say, longterm changes in the weather.
The Tube system is extensive, with 11 lines serving 270 stations, and it connects to dozens more lines of overground trains and inter-city services.
The benefits flowing from these developments in terms of enhanced investment in many wider sectors of the economy, including tourism, trade and infrastructure, have percolated to every segment of the community and amply enriched their lives.
He is just one of many fishermen who have decided to use the mosquito-repelling bed nets as fishing tools.
Some school districts are arming teachers to provide a line of defense against school shooters.
Observers predict low turnout among a disaffected electorate squeezed by a deep economic crisis.
Many savvy Web users are circumventing the bans by using proxy servers, but the courts hit back this week by banning them.
He was dressed in khaki pants tucked into mud-flecked black gumboots, his torso swallowed up by a silver-grey suit jacket that was several sizes too large for his featherweight frame.
An earlier version of the law was put together in 2015, but later stalled during the review process, only to resurface more recently.
The "culture war" is a purely right-wing phenomenon.
Tom is Mary's date.
This number one hit was written in just 20 minutes by Nash's bandmate, Matt Slocum.
The bimonthly injection seems to be an easier treatment regimen to stick to than daily pills, according to Mitchell Warren, executive director of AVAC, an HIV prevention advocacy organization.
But the election overseers say official results may have to be delayed while they investigate a rising number of serious charges of voting fraud.
He either gets discharged from his positions because of incompetency or he leaves because of his nomadic tendencies.
The U.N. chief bestows the title of Messenger of Peace for an initial period of three years on prominent personalities willing to volunteer their time and talent to promote U.N.'s global peace efforts.
It means the party, which has been consumed by the arrogance of power, is trying to put up a display of how far they are willing to go in their ongoing denigration of the court system in this country.
They've always been a pragmatic party with a social agenda, and because of its pragmatism, there is a window of opportunity here.
The UN Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination calls collective expulsions a violation under international law.
The two rivers meet in Sudan and travel northwards, flowing through Egypt until finally emptying into the Mediterranean Sea.
This was the third time he has campaigned for president and he has expended a huge amount of energy and money into his presidential ambitions.
Jews pray in Hebrew and Aramaic.
A slender woman with short-cropped dark hair, she agrees she is as obstinate as her 63-year-old father, a stubbornness softened in both their cases by a lively sense of humor.
In Russia’s far north, the city of Vorkuta is slowly being reclaimed by the Arctic tundra.
Sudan, the last male of the species, is 41 years old, and his past attempts at mating were unsuccessful, so now conservationists will try to artificially impregnate a young, fertile female.
The gathering will propose and debate reforms to the 15-nation bloc's creaky institutions with the aim of preparing it for enlargement to up to 13 new members.
Aside from the Kuwaiti and Qatari emirs, Rhodes said Oman’s deputy prime minister and the crown princes of Bahrain and Abu Dhabi will take part in talks.
The scientists compared samples from the upper permafrost layer—which melts and refreezes seasonally—and the permanently frozen permafrost in which microbes have been trapped for millennia.
Time is a scam by Big Clock to sell more clocks.
The United Kingdom is now banning the manufacturing of tiny plastic microbeads used in products such as cosmetics, toothpaste and shower gels because they could hurt marine animals.
VOA's Deborah Block takes us to a neighborhood in a Maryland suburb where about 1,000 blossoming trees put on quite a show.
China has also financed billions of dollars of infrastructure projects like roads, ports and railroads across the continent.
He used to raise bears.
Misreading is the mother of many Tatoeba sentences.
I'm willing to believe Elon Musk designed Hyperloop, but that's about it.
Hyperloop was an idea so terrible that it could have genuinely sprung from the mind of Elon Musk.
Poor people are crazy; rich people are eccentric.
Cookie likes you.
Cookie really likes you.
Is it in Hebrew or Aramaic?
"Is that Hebrew or Arabic?" "Aramaic."
"Is that Hebrew or Aramaic?" "Arabic."
"Is that Aramaic or Arabic?" "Hebrew."
"Is that Hebrew or Arabic?" "Amharic."
Aramaic is still spoken in Kurdistan.
Want to watch the musical episode again?
I live in Philadelphia.
I've got brown eyes.
What's Cookie doing?
You're dressed up all nice and I'm a goblin today.
I've been in constant goblin mode ever since I was laid off.
Tom is in goblin mode.
Regular cardiovascular exercise reduces the risk of heart problems, but for the couch potatoes of the world—people who are sedentary—suddenly launching into a cardio program or having sex can lead to a heart attack.
A pink tie had been found in an underground stream near where the holdup men had camped.
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady could set several records during the game.
China has so far built or refurbished parliaments in some 15 African countries, including the Republic of Congo, Liberia, Mozambique, the Seychelles and Guinea Bissau, as well as other government buildings such as Burundi’s presidential palace and the African Union headquarters in Ethiopia.
Raqqa's Old City, which contains a complex of palaces built by the famed caliph Harun al-Rashid about 1,300 years ago, contains a hippodrome that was used by the caliph to hold horse races.
Matilda, who herself claimed no title beyond that of “Domina of England,” was queen de jure, and, in a historical view, a monarch of high importance, as the mother of the Plantagenets, and the uniting link of the Anglo-Saxon and Anglo-Norman dynasties.
After traversing Hungary and Bohemia, skirting the Adriatic to Wallachia, and following the banks of the Danube, we arrived at Constantinople.
The University of Melbourne microbiologist explains how a vaccine combats a virus.
The western state of Wyoming was once a trailhead for cattle about to be shipped east.
Ergo, I am a cleverer man than the great financier; but he makes his thousands where I make shillings and pence.
Not surprisingly, the yields of these crops are low and their potential unrealized.
Probably De Monts had some part in arranging the marriage, for Nicholas Boulle was a Huguenot and De Monts appears as a witness to the notarial documents.
The 16-year-old dog received a lot of pampering, including a suite at 1 Hotel Central Park stocked with dog treats, a specially prepared doggy burger and a new bed and toys.
But through the heavy pasturing of that section, together with a series of dry seasons denuding the whole country of such cover as would be necessary for the bird's protection from hawks and vermin, they have become nearly if not quite extinct.
The carefully staged event was meant to whet the appetites of the Japanese public for American beef.
It is thus that winter brings about in every country a freedom from malaria which is purely thermic, for it is due simply and entirely to a sinking of the temperature below the required minimum.
Karen Terrill of the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection says the goats could also be used to clear underbrush around homes in forested areas, thus reducing the possibility of wildfires.
He shook his head wearily, and remarked, "I am both excruciatingly sad and divinely happy at that information."
First, it is my desire to give expression to that rational view of the world which is being forced upon us with such logical rigour by the modern advancements in our knowledge of nature as a unity, a view in reality held by almost all unprejudiced and thinking men of science, although but few have the courage (or the need) to declare it openly.
Tom's mid-life crisis isn't going well.
I escaped Boston.
Don't go to Boston; there are zombies everywhere.
AI is bad at its job.
We don't have AI yet.
AI doesn't exist yet.
There is no artificial intelligence yet.
AI can't write good movies.
AI can't write good TV.
AI facial recognition has led to a number of wrongful arrests.
AI doesn't really exist yet.
I was having a psychotic episode.
The answer might be yes.
This was later found to be incorrect.
I would say it's working.
Former President George H.W. Bush said despite the fierceness of the 1984 campaign, he and Ferraro later enjoyed a friendship marked by respect and affection.
Though terrifying, grizzlies eat mostly fish, berries, grubs, and the occasional sheep.
Three servicemen tend to a wounded serviceman who is supine on a hospital bed.
Some of these drugs—including the antibiotics ciprofloxacin and ceftriaxone—have been deemed essential by the World Health Organization for the treatment of infections.
I don’t see any content in his statements besides clowning, affectation, and pretentiousness.
Chaykhana is a Central Asian teahouse where men dally over a cup of tea, share traditional dishes like plov, and discuss current affairs.
Klimt's gold-flecked portrait of Adele Bloch Bauer is a star in the world of art, appearing on calendars, coffee mugs, and posters.
In Baraholka, the city's largest bazaar, vendors offer blue jeans, humidifiers, mobile phone chargers, and fresh apples—all from China.
The electrochemical performance is comparable to commercial batteries in terms of charge and discharge rate, cycle life and energy densities.
During the early years of college, Albertson lived in the parsonage of a Methodist minister, who taught him an equally important life lesson.
The winner has the option of receiving the money in an annuity paid over a number of years or taking a lower lump sum.
They do it in Britain.
They do it in Australia.
They do it that way in Australia.
I love vinegar on fries.
I'm not Australian, but I love Vegemite.
Have I taken my meds?
Have you taken your meds?
I need a grippy sock vacation.
As Arctic temperatures increase, the ice cover retreats more, exposing more ocean to the sun, warming the water, which melts more ice.
I'm a trans fat.
I don't need a grippy sock vacation.
Psych wards are generally still abusive places.
I've avoided the hospital for a long time.
I was involuntarily shot up with lorazepam and chlorpromazine.
Beer, wine and spirits are still a big part of life here, but in a land with a boozy reputation, it is health-conscious young people who are drinking less.
Our current "AI" is terrible at human jobs.
The technology currently mislabeled AI can't actually replace humans.
Everyone who has had to deal with AI customer service knows how inferior it is to actual humans.
Autocomplete isn't about to gain sentience.
"Effective altruism" is an insane philosophy dreamt up by techbros on amphetamines.
The Olympic Village is a community complete with chauffeurs and a spa, a coffee shop and flower shop, a bank and a museum… all the elements of a small town.
Not every idea techbros have is a good one. They're incredibly out of touch with the vast majority of people.
If you're going to step out of your field, spend time genuinely learning the other one. Don't just run in with half-baked ideas.
An aviation industry publication reported that sensors detected smoke in the lavatory, indicating that there could have been a fire on board the plane.
He found what he described as "air unadulterated with human additives, stars undimmed by city lights, the uninterrupted sounds of nature, and fields of flowers unblemished by footprints."
I'm willing to answer questions.
I'm willing to answer personal questions.
I'm not willing to answer personal questions.
The beans were great.
Acrobatic acts, magicians, dancers, haute cuisine and world-renowned singers help draw people inside the hotel.
The nuclear plant uses steam produced by plutonium fuel rods to power turbines to create electricity.
He also has been disbarred and can no longer practice law in the state of New York.
The report contends the current system is injurious to mental well-being and violates the human rights of patients.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokeswoman, Martina Fietz, said an agreement has been reached and Germany hopes it will soon be signed, just like similar accords between Spain and Greece.
At Konkuk University he studied metallurgy, and discovered a talent for goldsmithing and silversmithing.
"I am going to Iolchos," answered the young man, "to bid the wicked King Pelias come down from my father's throne, and let me reign in his stead."
Replacing workers with so-called "AI" equates to taking a big shit on all of your customers.
If you have "AI" customer service, you have no customer service.
Cookie curled up in between us.
I want a capybara.
I got my pronouns shaved into my undercut and dyed my hair blue.
You can swap conventional fillings, toppings, or patties out for a healthy and tasty seafood alternative.
My impression is that the machine belonged to a stenographer once in the employ of my father, who used frequently to come to our house to take down dictations.
Wet dogs smell great.
Researchers said there were no side effects beyond a slight, temporary hearing loss, like that caused by earwax.
'We don't take in no tagrag and bobtail at our house, sir,' answered John.
Devaluing the currency also means that prices rise for consumers, and it tends to crimp consumer spending.
In a quiet hour, when the world with its rush and din leaves us to ourselves and the universe, we begin to ask ourselves "Why" and "How," and then almost unconsciously we philosophise.
Environmental observations indicate that summer burned areas in northern and central California have increased fivefold during 1996 to 2021 compared to 1971 to 1995.
Earmuffs need to make a perfect seal around the ear to be effective.
An adult female patient is being readied for radiation therapy.
As he approached the south-west corner of the square he saw something that jarred his already frayed nerves.
Russia is not the victim in its war on Ukraine.
A heavy-set woman with metal-rimmed glasses speaks quietly about the disaster that has befallen her.
Just as the storm reaches its peak, the winds begin to slacken, and the sky starts to brighten.
I know the community hungers for answers, and as a parent, I cannot imagine the grief of this family.
According to his biographer, this marked a pivotal moment in Grant's life; prior to this promotion, Grant had largely experienced challenges, setbacks and outright failures in his professional life.
Scientists hypothesize that Europa's hidden ocean is salty, tidal, and causes its ice surface to move, resulting in large fractures that are clearly visible.
Fortunetellers in tents with gnostic symbols read palms, faces, feet, bumps on the head.
We all like weird stuff.
Being thus for a season expatriated, he asked me to look after the Institution connected with the Vegetarian Movement, in his place during his absence.
The Eratosthenian Period (3.2-1.1 aeons ago) and the Copernican Period (1.1 aeons ago to present) were times of lesser volcanism and a still lower, probably constant impact rate.
Most people have at least one weird interest.
I'm on the ace spectrum.
Sometimes I feel the need to stir the pot, you know.
Priests are the real groomers.
You solemnly swear that you hereby and hereon renounce all emperors, kings, princes, and potentates, and more especially—how does the rest of it go?
It seems all very willy-nilly and makes you wonder “why them and not us?”
Knives stung me and blackjacks smashed against me, but I laughed and drove my iron fists in straight, steam-hammer smashes that shattered flesh and bone.
The quasi-mythological, quasi-historical character known as Jesus was many things, but he did not fulfill Jewish Messianic prophecies.
The political center of the Serbs had moved to Zeta (Montenegro) and the mystic Prince Jovan Vladimir in the latter part of the tenth century, sometimes called King of Zeta, tried in vain to stop the triumphal march of Tsar Samuel of Bulgaria through the Serb provinces.
Ahmedabad is the largest city in the State of Gujarat and one of the fastest growing cities in the country.
A regional corn shortage in the Northeast, increased feed demand, and insufficient corn imports have pushed up corn prices. In response, the government started liquidating the temporary corn reserve in May.
Amid stalls of vegetables and cheap clothes, party faithful push campaign flyers at Saint-Denis’ weekly market near the French capital under scudding clouds. Some shoppers brush past, unconvinced by the political offers. Others accept the colorful manifestos, stuffing them between bags of cassavas and oranges.
Making decisions takes effort. To minimize this effort, your mind will do so based on rules and past experiences and statements.
Everything we do is based on some form of motivation. We eat because we're hungry. We talk to people to fulfill a social need.
When we want to change behavior, considering motivation is very important. The new behavior should have a more powerful motivation than the old.
At the elite level, amateur athletics is a scam. Money is being made, but the athletes aren't allowed to share in it.
Prayer in schools is ideological grooming.
Leave kids alone and stop imposing your religion on them.
Prayer in schools is more likely to lead to child grooming than teaching about LGBTQ people.
Prayer in schools might make kids think they're safe with religious authority figures, leading directly to child abuse.
Uranus is large.
Uranus is the size of a planet.
Tom hit a guy with a steel chair.
It was different.
This is 2020, not the Middle Ages, and we cannot fight an infectious disease with worthless elixirs sold for hundreds of dollars by unscrupulous hucksters that have absolutely no place in the treatment of serious medical conditions.
And so, these two who had once been soulmates, were slowly drifting apart.
I was still a neophyte in Congress and eagerly followed his leadership in this fight.
She admires the pink blossoms of the Crape Myrtle the town planted in front of her house four years ago.
The New York Times is notably biased towards the right wing.
Carbamide peroxide is also used as a disinfectant and in dentistry for its teeth whitening effects.
The aliens danced.
The aliens are into K-pop.
I think he really had a conciliatory tone to try to get bipartisan support and get some things done.
But we are living in a time where an extremist Supreme Court is hellbent on creating a country where I have fewer rights than my grandparents.
Some persons have asserted that the earliest Christians were Ebionites, and taught a system of doctrine akin to modern Unitarianism.
The wiretap was discontinued in 2016 due to a lack of evidence uncovered, but was re-started under a new warrant later that year and continued at least into early 2017.
Jared Kushner did everything Republicans imagine Hunter Biden doing in their fever dreams.
Jared Kushner was a member of his father-in-law's administration, whereas Hunter Biden has no role in Joe Biden's.
No one cares about Hunter Biden.
I'm the founder and CEO of Antifa.
Because AIPAC's primary constituency is white Evangelical Christians, its views on Israel lie considerably to the right of those of American Jews.
"Groomer!" "Uncalled for. I'm a fag, not a priest."
Biden's border policies are largely indistinguishable from Trump's.
Nothing in America could possibly be blamed on open borders, because they haven't been tried in over a century.
American conservatives are so stupid that they actually think Biden has an open border policy, rather than a far-right border policy concocted by Trump himself.
Conservative commentators are laughing at how stupid their listeners and readers are.
Our military is led by a turncoat who cannot be trusted.
Earth is the center of the observable universe.
A group of journalists in August 2020 released a joint statement calling on the government and political parties to stop sexualized online abuse directed at women who report critically on the government.
Over the years since my fellowship ended, they have continued to be my biggest cheerleaders on my scientific journey.
His Mother was greatly alarmed, and begged him to have nothing further to do with genies, advising him to sell the lamp at once.
Study after study has found that the regret rates for trans surgeries are exceptionally low, lower than for many uncontroversial procedures.
Up the four walls grew a red rose, a yellow rose, a woodbine, and a clematis; and they all met together at the top, and fought and scratched for the possession of the top of the chimney, from which there was the finest view; so foolish are these vegetables.
Earth’s magnetic field guides the electrons such that the aurora forms two ovals approximately centered at the magnetic poles.
Western countries should offer asylum to trans people from the UK.
The UK under Rishi Sunak is eliminating gender-neutral single-stall restrooms for no reason other than to hurt trans people.
There is no non-malicious reason to eliminate single-toilet gender-neutral restrooms.
Trans people have no representation in the UK. Both parties have become maliciously, sadistically transphobic.
Cats are snugglers.
"Humans are monkeys." "No we aren't; we're apes." "Cladistically, we're both."
Why are pigs so fat?
Why are pigs so cute?
Why are pigs so dirty?
Are pigs really dirty?
Are boars fat?
Are pigs fat or do farmers overfeed them?
I love pigs.
Pigs don't deserve to be associated with cops.
Why aren't pigs kosher?
Why are pigs haram?
Why are pigs pink?
Why do pigs like mud?
Why do pigs squeal?
I like tater tots.
Why do dogs eat poop?
Why are dogs' noses wet?
Why are dogs so cute?
Are pigs smarter than dogs?
Are pigs omnivores?
Do chickens fly?
Do chickens have teeth?
Do chickens eat ticks?
What if our fingers each had five fingers on the end of them?
What if our fingers each had two arms on the end of them?
These are too hot.
Why are butterflies so colorful?
Smash capitalism.
Pigs have curly tails.
Are you using Tatoeba like Twitter?
Overcoming severe radiation damage, the redoubtable orbiter has deployed a probe into Jupiter's atmosphere; studied the hottest volcanoes in the Solar System on Jupiter's moon Io; discovered evidence of subsurface oceans on the moons Europa and Ganymede; and provided new insights into the giant planet's stormy atmosphere, gigantic magnetosphere and energetic particle environment.
Even under future scenarios in which atmospheric greenhouse gases rise dramatically, the models project the dry season in the southern Amazon to be only a few to ten days longer by the end of the century and therefore the risk of climate change-induced rainforest dieback should be relatively low.
In good time, after an interval so long that it seemed endless to the despairing first-aider, the breath came back into the reluctant lungs.
Running barefoot from scorching asphalt to cool grass in the summertime as a kid, you likely learned how cityscapes tend to get much warmer than green spaces.
Dust storms are quite common across the dry, windy landscapes of Central Asia. Still, it is unusual for dust to darken the skies of a major city, as one recent storm did in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
Nothing is quite like shooing a skunk away from the instrument shelter or hiking up the mountain around 11 p.m. and going very carefully when you hear the rattle snakes doing their thing.
Researchers have detected the first "exomoon" candidate—a moon orbiting a planet that lies outside our solar system.
My fingers deftly flew across the keyboard taking diligent notes for hours on end (unbeknownst to me, this would be a harbinger of the times to come, as my fingers now seem perpetually connected to the keyboard day after day).
Why is Trump a free man while others sit in jail awaiting trial for marijuana charges? Because America has a two-tier justice system benefiting people like Trump.
Why do pigs have curly tails?
Indeed monasticism was becoming popular, and the Merovingian period witnessed the foundation of numberless cloisters.
The intertidal zone—the area between high and low tides—is a harsh and unforgiving habitat, subject to the rigors of both the sea and the land.
The 2017 hurricane season inflicted severe damage to communities and coastal resources over large areas of the Caribbean, Florida, Georgia, South Carolina, and Texas, leaving a swath of destruction and large amounts of debris in the coastal zone of the affected states and territories.
Dish water or bathwater should be disposed of at least 100 feet away from lakes, streams or other water sources.
Now is the time to embrace our nation's multiculturalism and seize the opportunity to appeal to new and growing demographics.
Reducing gay people to sex is homophobic.
It is truly an honor to be joined by so many well-wishers who have placed their faith in me to represent them in Congress.
Elon Musk bought Twitter for way more than what Disney bought the rights to Star Wars for.
The tents are made of bed-sheets and sometimes plastic sheeting, and are a temporary refuge for people whose homes were destroyed and others who are afraid to sleep indoors in the wake of the earthquake.
When this crab gets injured, gets a little cut on its body, bacteria can get into it from the water, so the Horseshoe crab blood actually Jell-O’s around those bacteria and stops them from getting into the Horseshoe crab body.
The ground-hog is found in all parts of the region extending from the Atlantic coast west to the Missouri, Iowa, and Minnesota. It inhabits woods, prairies, and meadows, lives on roots, vegetables, and herbs, and is especially fond of red clover. Its burrows are large excavations, and in the early autumn it busies itself in storing provisions for its long winter retreat.
New things please men best, 'tis true, and the old are cast aside. Natheless, what is old and tried serves far better than the new.
"Pretty soon people will be getting executed for being straight." "Wow. That's a pretty extreme persecution fetish you've got there, don't you think?"
Eat the rich.
Nashville is an arm of the RNC.
Take a book or leave a book.
Ted Nugent is a pedophile.
I might go to the smoke shop today.
You can take a step back now.
Life is a gateway to death.
How can we predict death? Well, in 100% of cases, death is preceded by life.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease that is always fatal.
Trump is a cult leader.
Pundits, futurologists, and social scientists bombard us daily with new insights about the enormous changes taking place in the world around us.
The Doohickey Company was founded in 1971, and has been providing quality doohickies to the public ever since.
At the end of a gestation period usually lasting from two to four weeks, the pregnant male’s abdominal area begins to undulate rhythmically, and strong muscular contractions eject from a few dozen to as many as 1,000 fully formed baby seahorses into the surrounding water.
The resident white-tail deer population reproduces only once a year—breeding in the fall and fawning the following summer.
The co-op started in 2003, but its breakthrough to the luxury coffee market came when it was introduced in 2008 to a British non-governmental organization which helps to pair producers in developing countries with supermarket chains in the West.
From afar, Saturn's rings look like a solid, homogenous disk of material, but upon closer examination from Cassini, we see that there are varied structures in the rings at almost every scale imaginable.
Tarquin found refuge with Lars Porsena, King of the Etruscans, who pretended to be eager to restore him while he really wanted to submit the Roman people to his own rule.
The girls designed and sold clothing for teens, incorporating traditional Moldovian embroidery motifs.
Americans overwhelmingly support abortion and oppose restrictions on it.
A clump of cells in a woman's uterus isn't entitled to separate legal protections from the rest of her body.
America is ruled by theocratic tyrants who forced their way into power against Americans' will through authoritarian means.
Abortion is good.
Americans are more likely to vote yes on measures granting unlimited abortion than they are on measures that set limits on when it can occur.
The results of this experiment, as given in Table VII, show that sweet-clover hay is practically equal to red-clover and alfalfa and greatly superior to prairie hay for roughage for steers.
Are German and Yiddish the same language?
Are Danish and Norwegian the same language?
Are Mandarin and Cantonese the same language?
How does Afrikaans differ from Dutch?
What are some of the differences between Yiddish and German?
How is Portuguese different from Galician?
What are some of the ways Norwegian differs from Danish?
Compare and contrast Cantonese with Mandarin.
The classic tale of starving young Bohemian lovers living in a garret has been called the "greatest love story ever sung."
In addition to Jennifer’s enthusiasm for lower trophic organisms, she also enjoys photography, especially of the Aurora Borealis, and going on adventures with her Bernese Mountain Dog, Odin.
She smilingly consented to tell them all she could recall on the subject that would be interesting to them, and bidding them seat themselves close beside her she began.
Are Spanish and Italian the same language?
Jews whose families came to Israel from Arab countries are more likely to support Netanyahu and Likud.
Our circadian rhythms are different.
Elon Musk should pay taxes.
This is a private conversation.
I've got no one but myself to blame.
You're confusing everyone with yourself.
Tatoeba has tons of nonstandard English sentences.
Nonstandard isn't wrong.
This sentence is falsely marked incorrect even though references were provided to a reputable academic authority that said it was correct.
I'm here by request.
Shariah is the broad collection of laws compiled over a thousand years of Muslim jurisprudence based on the Koran and its commentaries, the Sunnah or Hadith.
Government policies should encourage scientific innovation without creating unnecessary barriers or unjustifiably stigmatizing new technologies.
Example 4 shows how to create a filesystem that only exists for the duration of the job and is shared by all nodes.
Collaborators include the College of Environmental Science and Engineering at Peking University and the Georgia Institute of Technology.
The Republican Party is a tyranny of the minority.
The U.S. Supreme Court is a tyranny of the extreme theocratic fascist minority.
This action is necessary to bring the number of apportioned seats in each district in line with the reduced number of committee members and better reflect the composition of the industry.
With their white head and 6.5 - 8 foot wingspan, bald eagles are unmistakeable.
She leaped to her feet, and, catching up a timbrel, gracefully performed the movement of a dance.
The banning of trans women from women's chess, of all sports, exemplifies the insanity of the current transphobic backlash.
A lot of "Never Corbyn" people are trying to shame British leftists for not getting behind self-described conservative Keir Starmer.
"We are not hangmen to torture a prisoner till he confesses," observed some one in a quiet and rather indolent tone.
'These stories had their origin, my dear,' she explained, 'in a mistaken anthropomorphism in the interpretation of nature.'
With sparse exceptions, drug trafficking gangs tend to align politically with the right.
Sycamore is a common tree and one of the largest in the eastern deciduous forests.
Northumbria University, in northeast England, said on Friday that at least 770 students had tested positive for the virus.
Drug trafficking gangs tend to be patriarchal, heterosexist, and ultra-capitalist.
He is a 26-year broadcast news veteran who has successfully melded a talent for telling complex stories in accessible terms with a lifelong passion for aviation, space and technology.
We're out of TP.
Can we take a vote?
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
"I'm a narcissist." "No you're not."
Cool story.
I would never.
You would never.
There are too many bats here.
"How did all these bats get in here?" "What bats?"
Don't hate me because I'm ugly.
As you can see, my hat is empty.
Tom pulled a rabbit out of his hat.
We all live there.
Not many people know about him today.
We operate on both sides of the border.
You've probably never heard of it.
I've been eating.
Tom sent some candy.
"You look incredible," Tom muttered.
It's hard to get decent information about what you're supposed to do.
It's been going on for almost thirty years now.
With hard work, determination, patriotism, and a little thriftiness, I believe that our country can survive the current challenges we face.
Removing nuisance and invasive species will let the growing corals avoid expending energy competing for reef space.
That was considerably more than the amount budgeted, reducing the anticipated profits.
She was active in Soviet and Russian political and other groups, and was elected to the Russian Duma in 2011.
The French action in granting asylum to active Spanish anti-Franquists has always been considered by Franco to be a hostile act.
Using antiseptics like chlorine and broad-spectrum antibiotics, scientists have been working to halt the spread of the disease.
Recently, Fetal Treatment Center surgeons changed their technique from cesarean to a less-intrusive endoscopic method during which they make small incisions and insert tube-like devices through the mother's abdominal wall.
The book is in large part a historical account, a combination of science, history, medicine, and memoir.
He loved to pick up rocks and sticks along the way, often conveniently convincing his parents to carry them in their backpacks because his would get too heavy.
It is during this period that Earth suffered one of the largest mass extinctions in history, losing 50 percent of its animal families, 95 percent of all marine species, many species of trees, and the trilobites.
Burma, Siam, Indochina and Indonesia are divided between at least two linguistic families: Sinitic and Malayo-Polynesian.
He cast a hasty glance around. Fortunately, there were no guests under the peristyle, and only two men, out of earshot, in the pinacotheca.
All feel themselves elevated and strengthened; they see themselves as members of a nation which commands a respect such as the former thirty Fatherlands could never have commanded.
Our concierge team will locate the resources to fulfill your needs.
Both commemorations are intended to raise awareness of kidney disease and the importance of prevention and early detection.
On the edge of a green plain around which rise the first steps of the immense amphitheatre of the Alps, a little castled city enthroned on a solitary hill watches since a thousand years the eternal and surpassing spectacle.
While working for the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey, he designed and built the second tide prediction machine which was used for over thirty years, wrote numerous theoretical treatises on tides and tidal currents, and published a series of essays in Coast and Geodetic Survey annual reports on such topics as “Meteorological Researches: Cyclones, Tornadoes, and Water-Spouts”.
Not a drop left in the bed of ancient lake or river, not a crystal thread trickling down the rock channelled by ancient cascades, and nevertheless abundance of greenery and luxuriant foliage everywhere!
Approximately one-half of 1% of the planet’s water is drinkable, and we use that water for much more than drinking—showering, brushing our teeth, watering our grass, etc.
On July 10 multiple media outlets reported that several Daesh (ISIL) militants set five oil wells south of Mosul on fire in an attempt to slow the advance of the government army.
Despite Republican propaganda to the contrary, people making under $50,000 per year still skew overwhelmingly Democratic.
Wells for which waivers are granted must be at low risk of contamination from 25 pesticides specified by the regulations.
Health researchers increasingly seek to use climate and weather datasets in their studies, but often face challenges in accessing, wrangling, understanding, and applying climate data stored in complex and unfamiliar spatial data formats.
He recalls the early days of the outbreak, saying "more and more patients were admitted to my ICU. Among all those patients there were many health care professionals. There were nurses, there were doctors, there were occupational therapists, a radiographer and some assistants. When the number of health care workers increased we also felt worried. We might bring this disease back to our family."
Vacuum packaging consists of rigid or flexible containers from which substantially all air has been removed before sealing. Carbon dioxide or nitrogen may be introduced into the container. This process prolongs shelf life, preserves the flavors and retards bacterial growth.
The main sources of child abuse are the nuclear family and religious institutions.
Most child abuse occurs within the nuclear family, not at the hands of drag queens.
Although many astronauts report feeling fully rested after only six hours of sleep, the fact is sleeplessness can cause irritability, forgetfulness and fatigue—none of which astronauts should have to deal with while piloting complicated ships that hurtle through space at tens of thousands of miles per hour.
What are you doing on October 20th?
Can you watch Cookie from October 20th to the 23rd?
Saturn is my favorite planet.
Jupiter is my favorite planet.
"What's your favorite planet?" "Earth."
The arguer should put himself in the position of the persons to be persuaded, and ask himself the question, “What evidence would most strongly appeal to me and induce me to believe and act in the manner desired if I were the person to be persuaded?”
"What's your favorite planet?" "New York."
Since the negotiations began in 2000, Bulgarians have proven they are eager to serve as active members of the European Union.
Plant species pollinated by bees and flies have sweet scents and those pollinated by beetles have strong musty, spicy, or fruity odors.
It is obvious that, because of the moon's changing position with respect to the earth and sun during the monthly cycle of phases (29.53 days) the gravitational attraction of moon and sun may variously act along a common line or at changing angles relative to each other.
We should collaborate.
Do you want to collaborate?
Let's collaborate.
Are High German and Low German the same language?
Is Yiddish a dialect of the Austro-Bavarian language?
The soil is alive.
When did humans master fire?
There's no room for my feet there.
He was a strident defender and eloquent spokesperson for our home planet, Earth.
Our dog loves chasing tennis balls, cuddling, and watching television with her parents!
A Forest Service researcher, working with U.S. and international researchers, analyzed data on pest interceptions on imported cargo from before and after the United States implemented the International Standards for Phytosanitary Measures No. 15 in the mid-2000s and found that the incidence of live wood-infesting pests fell by as much as 52 percent.
To now be at the helm of this important work is deeply humbling, especially during these challenging times, when new partnerships, discovery, and data are so desperately needed.
His research has produced proteomics maps for each species of fish he studies, showing all the proteins expressed in a given endocrine tissue (e.g., liver, adrenal gland, testes, ovary).
Being outside or even having natural elements like natural light, houseplants, and pets in our interior spaces relieves stress and promotes greater general wellness.
"I want a dog, but I'm worried I won't be able to take care of one." "Try a houseplant first."
The legislation, which parliament is expected to approve by year's end, comes on the heels of the Indigenization and Economic Empowerment bill, which purports to give black Zimbabweans a controlling stake in domestic and foreign-owned firms.
The three most discussed possibilities for the route of this migration are: (1) across the Bering Land Bridge from Siberia to Alaska, (2) along the coast from Siberia to Alaska, or, far less plausibly, (3) along the North Atlantic ice-edge corridor from Europe to Atlantic Canada.
I have only a ration biscuit to offer you, sir, but once into Cabul, we shall have luxuries galore—mutton chops and green chillis.
At the same time, moderates among strategic analysts began to be alarmed by what looked like a revival of bellicosity among some of the strongest supporters of the new "defensive" weapons.
He spammed tens of millions of email messages to advertise the websites from which he sold his product and services.
They have not been able to make progress on the demarcation of the disputed border.
The new coach is a soft-spoken, 40-year-old Dutchman whose youthful looks, dreadlocks and lean physique make it sometimes difficult to distinguish him from the players.
Every American pays taxes in some form.
This May, agricultural ministers from twenty of the world’s largest economies (G20) gathered in Istanbul, Turkey, to issue an Agricultural Communiqué outlining key actions to advance global food security and sustainable food systems.
The authorities began to find more evidence and piece together the ingenious escape plan, aided by a fourth plotter who didn’t make it out of his cell in time and began providing information.
In fact, the tabloids have called the duchess frumpy, dumpy and worse.
The answers provided are not intended to be, nor should they be construed as, legal advice.
She was in the park, chatting to her friends, and wearing a green toque and her famous pearls.
Stop apologizing!
Her nonchalance in the face of military regulations and protocol became a source of frustration to the Navy.
The Holocaust was rooted in bigotry and militant ethnonationalism.
Trump lies more than most people alive or dead.
Trump supporters trust him more than their friends and family.
Trump supporters are in a cult.
Beauty comes in all sizes.
Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes.
The threat to peace resulting from continuing international tension and violations of the United Nations Charter, resulting in the unabated arms race, in particular in the nuclear field, as well as wars, armed conflicts, external domination, foreign occupation, acquisition of land by force, aggression, imperialism, colonialism, neocolonialism, racism, apartheid, gross violation of human rights, terrorism, repression, the disappearance of persons and discrimination on the basis of sex are major obstacles to human progress, specifically to the advancement of women.
Stunning images and instructive simulations are included in the lecture and help dramatize the ways in which this space telescope is revolutionizing our understanding of the cosmos.
Experts are reacting to a flurry of cyberattacks against major industrial targets in Ukraine, Germany, Iran and South Korea.
We usually, as human rights organizations, express ourselves through words, texts, and narrative forms; and very analytically, with social science tools, with legal tools.
Anxious researchers with the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Tuesday said they have received a capsule containing samples collected from an asteroid after traveling five billion kilometers back to Earth.
A racketeering conviction carries a sentence of five to twenty years in prison, much more than election fraud crimes.
A newly discovered supernova that astronomers say is the brightest exploding star ever seen is baffling scientists all over the world.
That same year Demosthenes and some other leading Athenians paid a visit to the court of Philip at Pella.
High atop the nature reserve at 2,000 meters altitude, some ancient cedars are over 1,000 years old.
A new online database is fighting medical quackery by helping people easily find out if their doctor has a license.
Most will laud the crackdown as steps toward transparency, fairness in business and better-run local partner companies, economists predict.
Climate change has a broad impact on health, both through the direct effect that climate change has on extreme weather—heat waves to heavy rainfall events and associated flooding, coastal storms, hurricanes—but also indirectly, in the way that it alters disease ecology, or ecosystems that are important in maintaining a healthy environment.
The findings vindicate warnings by local experts as to the poor quality of water in the nation’s capital.
He began his career as an illustrator and engraver, but in the late 1880s he traveled to Paris to study art.
Lawmakers have fired their new interim prime minister by voting no confidence in his proposed Cabinet, prolonging the struggle to form a government capable of uniting and stabilizing the war-torn nation.
The Labor Department said in a report this week that the nation has too few jobs for unskilled people—and too few people for skilled jobs.
When you open the back of a fine watch, you see layer upon layer of spinning wheels linked by interlocking cogs, screws and wires.
It is not necessary for the determinist to maintain that he can foresee the whole particularity of the act which will be performed.
Researchers have described and named a new species of hominid in South Africa that lived nearly two million years ago, during a still mysterious period spanning the emergence of modern human beings.
Mother hangs around babying me as if I were six years old!
Over the past few days she has been brought to tears on a number of occasions by comments made by others contestants regarding her accent, her skin color and other remarks seen as derogatory.
Videos shot by a variety of broadcasting companies recorded riot police bludgeoning protesters with truncheons and shocking them with stun guns.
Extended-duration missions on the International Space Station are steppingstones to future missions to the Moon and Mars.
Is there a list of permissible chemicals allowed in veterinary vaccines (and their concentrations) or do we have to determine this empirically through safety studies?
The World Health Organization accuses the tobacco industry of using seductive ads to attract women and girls to smoking.
He had transmogrified himself; in his working dress he looked more “a gentleman” than he had done in his Sunday coat.
Clarity is more important than simplicity.
Undocumented immigrants here are taxpayers, as they pay sales tax.
If Putin wanted peace, he could just pull all his troops out of Ukraine, and immediately the war would be over.
I'll always remember him.
He was there for me at a really bad time.
The Catholic Church's pedophilia problem is systemic; it involves not only individual priests but the bishops who cover up for them and reassign them.
I was lucky to have known him.
The Internet is a figment of your imagination.
In a parallel universe, that might be true.
The same solution was drunk for mouth bleeding and gargled as a remedy for tonsillitis and sore throats; vapor from this solution was inhaled for nose bleeding.
This formula is recited to the Maharaj with peculiar solemnity by each male as he comes of age and is admitted as a full member of the sect.
NGOs claimed that endemic corruption was one cause for human rights abuses, with moneyed interests using corrupt government officials to harass and intimidate activists and groups that impeded their businesses.
"I shall not get out of your way," said the white puss, who had got the best place first.
A tethered, careless, corrupt, and avaricious administration wasted time and caused expiration of the vigor and interest which his promotion of a new government had inflamed in the people.
She says data show within the continent, 70 percent of the overall migration is Intra-African; that is, Africans moving from one African country to another.
In India, a program to equip millions of homes with energy efficient bulbs and undertake a street light retrofit is expected to lead to a significant conservation of energy in the power-starved country and reduce its carbon footprint.
As expected, not everything has gone exactly as planned, but that in its own way was planned—we work to maintain flexibility in our schedule and our design, so that we can absorb new things that happen without throwing the whole team into a tizzy!
The station commander peered at tiny worms in a microscope and recorded video as they wriggled through a specialized device that measures muscle strength.
He may be a madman now, and you know maniacs are supposed to be ten times as strong as ordinary men.
When the whistle of the train sounded they all stood up, and grasped their valises tightly.
The coyote and the lizard said there were so many poppies that on a clear day, from the mainland, the big island shimmered golden in the sun.
A Georgia law prohibits landlords from evicting or otherwise retaliating against tenants in response to complaints about housing conditions.
It is common for weather conditions to change suddenly in mountainous terrains; sunny mornings can turn into stormy afternoons.
He appeared to sleep as he sat in his chair in that barbarically-decorated room with the glass roof.
It was whilst suffering the agonies of solitary confinement in that military prison that I first decided to record my experiences.
Until recently, Christians arrogantly claimed that the people they stole their religion from were "apostates" from Christianity. Some still believe this.
The importance of the Chinese market is reflected in the size and sophistication of the Shanghai auto show, where automakers are capitalizing on China's growing demand for luxury cars and SUVs.
It's cute when the literal most powerful man in the world complains about "elites."
While having no active cases is welcomed, it also means the trial will have to be revamped to test the vaccines’ effectiveness.
Singapore's population is 77 percent ethnic Chinese, 14 percent Malay Muslims and the rest ethnic Indians, Eurasians and other races.
A human rights activist is urging the government to remove what he called contradictory and suppressive regulations.
If you've never been hurt that way, you wouldn't understand.
He hurt me in a way that no one is supposed to be hurt.
I forgive him now, but it took years.
The truth is, it was confusing for me, too, and I would have done anything not to have to go through it.
I don't feel bad for taking a long time to forgive him. I needed that time.
I feel bad for being unfair to him because I was mad.
Who could've foreseen the tragic death of Yevgeny Prigozhin?
We have a plant that ships 44,000 pounds of boned pork to Japan, either every week or every other week.
Researchers at the university are using red and yellow gelatin molded to look like a brain.
Movie financing arrangements are infamously byzantine, but he has set up an account that anyone who has put money into the movie can log on to and check to see the movie's expenses, grosses and their cut.
He described Britain as a country with "unrivalled skills and creativeness."
Supporters of the project say it will generate badly needed jobs and respect local sensitivities.
The scientist noted the microphone picked up a gust of wind, along with a gentle “whir” sound from the rover itself.
The fictional, suave British spy has charmed two generations of audiences, male and female.
I didn't watch the clown show.
The World Health Organization on Thursday warned that health threats are surging as the war escalates and millions of people, many sick and wounded, flee for safety within the country and across borders where health services are fragile and hard to reach.
On arriving at that town the pureness of the gold was vouched for, and eager inquiries were made for the locality where the precious treasure could be found.
The U.S. Soccer team will take on Germany Friday in a World Cup quarterfinal match in South Korea.
Syzygy is the alignment of three celestial bodies, in this case the Sun, Moon and Earth.
It is around noon and the little girl's high-pitched squeals condense to form tiny white clouds in the -4 degrees air.
Hundreds of officers with salaries, bonuses and state-funded apartments are carrying out ridiculous work: on orders from the very top, they are searching the apartments of ordinary people, going through their personal belongings, photographs, rifling through documents, confiscating computers and other electronics, and then carrying out lengthy interrogations that can last hours.
After a moment he peered cautiously through slitted lids.
Ukraine was the center of the first eastern Slavic state, Kyivan Rus, which during the 10th and 11th centuries was the largest and most powerful state in Europe.
This mirror is haunted.
Anti-state activity makes up the vast majority of charges levelled against journalists jailed around the world.
Those didn't add anything to the corpus.
"Do you believe in God?" "I don't believe in any gods."
The Hebrew Bible has nothing to do with Jesus or Christianity, and was, in fact, written before Christianity came into existence.
I am exploring how we can successfully elevate the U.S.-Brazil relationship on the Hill by slotting these dialogues into a new, overarching Strategic Economic Dialogue.
Lucy was full of pity, too, but she did not attempt to touch the dog, but looked at it in an agonised sort of way.
Social media users could face up to three years in jail for postings that authorities consider to be disinformation under proposed legislation.
An example used for study is the wolf—an animal whose genetics and behavior can be scientifically tracked, but which is also rapturously beautiful and fierce—even mystical.
In the happy days before the accursed dragon had brought ruin to the land, it had been called the Well of Life; and though he had denied its sacred waters with innocent blood, it still retained many of its ancient virtues.
Get your tail out of the door; I'm trying to close it.
His tail is cute.
Her tail is cute.
I love your tail.
Believe it or not, Prigozhin's death was a complete coincidence. Putin wasn't planning on killing him until Friday.
I love your kitty ears.
I love your cat ears.
"How can you hate butterflies, Tom?" "I don't know. They're ugly." "What?!?"
What are some of the ways Shawiya differs from Kabyle?
You're not her type.
You're not his type.
Tom ventilated him.
No graphite pencils, food, tobacco, chewing gum, lighters, matches, or pocketknives will be permitted inside the clean room.
Some crematoriums may have concerns about cremating bodies containing implanted electronic medical devices.
Now astronomers are bemused to find young stars that are spiraling into the center of a massive cluster of stars in the Small Magellanic Cloud, a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way.
The grass was silvered with hoar-frost and in the wood across the stream a bird was singing.
If you have difficulty accessing information on this site, particularly if using assistive technology, please contact us and include the following information: web address of the material you tried to access, the problem you experienced, and your contact information.
When you turn on the water, particularly if water has remained stagnant in your home’s pipes for longer than normal (for example, a week or more), germs from biofilm can come out of the faucet, showerhead, or other water devices.
The four politicians were ousted immediately after a legislative committee ruled that the government could disqualify any lawmaker believed to be a threat to national security without going through the courts.
There are 17.3 million syringes that have to be shipped or air freighted to the Democratic Republic of Congo; 41,000 health workers and volunteers have been mobilized with more than 500 vehicles to operate between more than 8,000 vaccination sites in Kinshasa and along the border.
The World Health Organization says a variety of crises are adversely impacting the health of millions and blocking needed humanitarian aid in war-torn hotspots around the world.
Far out in the sea the water is as blue as the petals of the cornflower, and clear as the purest glass.
There are multiple people named Yeshu in the Talmud.
A "United Federation of Planets" features in the Star Trek franchise.
I want to move to the United Federation of Planets.
In the Dragon Quest series of games, you can often get something sexually suggestive called a "puff puff," which always ends up ending in a surprise gag.
Trump's booking record asserts that he has hair and weighs 215 pounds.
Humanity projects all its best qualities onto God.
We alienate ourselves from what's good about us and project it onto God.
We can build heaven on Earth just as well as we've built hell.
No Messiah is coming to save us.
All we have is each other.
Why do pigs oink?
I've always wanted an oinker.
I booped an oinker's snoot once.
What's the weather like in Novosibirsk?
Two of my friends graduated from Novosibirsk State University.
I can't do the splits.
How many scoops of ice cream would you like?
That's a marker, not a pen.
The teacher wrote on the whiteboard with a permanent marker.
Where are all the blue markers?
Can permanent marker stains be removed?
What are discourse markers?
Do you like ranch dressing?
I love ranch dressing.
Ranch dressing is disgusting.
Is ranch dressing healthy?
Life's too short to spend the next hour listening to this podcast.
All people, said the Declaration, are born free and endowed with certain unalienable rights.
French Socialists cheered their resounding victory, as election results showed they will hold a commanding majority in the lower house of parliament.
Chervil is an umbelliferous annual possessing aromatic leaves and somewhat resembling parsley in flavor.
For an easy and healthy preparation of fresh mackerel fillets or steaks, broil the mackerel with a mixture of parsley, tarragon, and thyme.
The weather was better in Argentina, though the path of the eclipse there went through sparsely populated areas of the Patagonia Desert.
The rocks are covered by carpets of moss and beautiful ferns flank the pristine creek banks.
It is a forest of vineyards surrounded by tier upon tier of majestic mountains, that rise higher and higher, until they are lost to sight among the clouds, and in the centre of the mass of greenery, on the banks of the blue river, nestles the little town.
That's why I say this music is your comforter when you are down and it's your buddy when you're up.
Though fairly innocuous now, on this site once stood Sarepta, an ancient fortified city of the Phoenician empire, which spanned Syria, Lebanon and northern Israel.
Last week marked the seventh anniversary of the Supreme Court's landmark ruling that legalized same-sex marriage across America, overriding bans in more than a dozen states and granting gay and lesbian wedded couples the same rights and legal protections that married heterosexuals enjoy.
Transistors are made of solid materials such as silicon or germanium whose electrical properties lie somewhere between conductors and insulators: they are semiconductors.
As 1789 drew near, the antiquated, poor, barren, teaching of law, fallen into contempt and almost null, offered no sound, accredited doctrine which could impose itself on young minds, fill their empty minds and prevent the intrusion of utopic dreams.
As Earth keeps racing ahead and Mars falls behind, there are instances when the two planets form a straight line, with the Sun interposed between them.
We’re not trying in any way to minimize or sugarcoat the many hurdles that remain.
None of the people named Yeshu in the Talmud clearly match up to Jesus, and many are described as living in completely different time periods.
A wrong move during the faceoff could have led to war, and any conventional skirmish between two nuclear powers always brought with it the risk of escalation.
The team built the house from recycled steel containers and pallets.
Developing a brand new drug can take 10 years or more, and costs in excess of $1 billion, according to him, which is why his biotechnology company is studying new uses for safe compounds that have been supplanted by newer or better formulations and are no longer prescribed.
In The Three Musketeers and Twenty Years After, we find our four heroes battling against evil forces with a combination of stunning swordplay, unmatched bravado, unbelievable ingenuity, and several strokes of great fortune.
Monday is Columbus Day in the U.S., a federal holiday that celebrates the so-called discoverer of the Americas—the Italian explorer Christopher Columbus.
Lakes and streams which people use for drinking water, bathing and defecating are sources of disease, as is water left by natural disasters.
He said evidence indicates the conscripts are as young as 10 and are used in various capacities, including to fight.
Last week, he made his first public appearance at a news conference in the capital and confessed to slandering and conspiring to subvert the state.
Why should a white Bosnian Muslim have more of a right to pray on the Temple Mount than a Jew, even one whose family never left the land?
A group of Indigenous people is prepping a bid to bring the 2030 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games to Vancouver, Canada.
For the administration of the College funds a bursar was annually appointed, whose accounts were subsequently approved and signed by the Chancellor.
After it had been unhooked and was being exultantly inspected by the younger and exhibited for the admiration of the older boy, the fish gave a sudden wriggle, slipped through the hands of its captor, and fell back into the river.
There's nothing new there.
This video showcases how he and his crew fish for scallops using a dredge, and shuck about 600 pounds of scallop meat before they reach the docks at the end of the day.
I'm under surveillance.
My phone is being tapped.
I live near an environmental disaster area.
Give us peas.
Who will bring peas to the world?
Tom appears to be singing.
We fight for peas.
I fight for peas.
But for him who observes closely, and carefully pieces together his scattered observations, there gradually unfolds a picture of earth history so vast in its span of time that it staggers imagination.
Freedom of speech doesn't exist in the U.S., as there are laws making it legal to run down protesters with your car.
The U.S. Republican Party is for banning books and running down protesters with cars.
Murdering people is perhaps not the solution to being inconvenienced.
An agricultural research organization says it's working on drought-tolerant varieties of maize to ensure Zimbabwe's staple crop withstands dry weather.
Why do horses need shoes?
The information from our reps on the ground is extremely positive!
The UNHCR says conditions are not conducive for the safe, dignified return of the refugees to a country they fled more than a year ago to escape persecution and violence.
We will also sample bottom algae and measure surface water quality (the level of nutrients and dissolved oxygen, for example) before and after these area homes and businesses are hooked up to the sewer to see if the health of the coves improves after the sewer hookup.
He wiped his hot forehead with his sweaty shirtsleeve, turning with a smile toward his mother.
The problem is that professors use their classrooms as political soap boxes to proselytize their views.
"I would rather live in Hell than America." "Interesting. I personally wouldn't want to move to Hell, as bad as America is."
Is there healthcare in Hell?
In Hell's defense, America has a higher ratio of Americans to non-Americans than Hell.
How many political parties are there in Hell?
Hell has countless political parties.
Do protesters get run over by cars in Hell? Or are they more like fiery chariots?
When she wakes up, the others learn why the actress so often holds her gold locket close to her heart.
America is bad.
Those live longest who live nearest to the ground, that is, who live the simple life of primitive times, divested, however, of the evils that ignorance in those times begot.
This is dangerous, anti-vaxxer talk that undermines the public trust in the scientists and experts that are working around the clock to develop the vaccine.
He’s ten years old now and should be able to take care of himself. If you coddle him too much, he’ll be a namby-pamby baby instead of a live boy.
He admits he attended orgies, but said he was not aware the women involved were prostitutes.
The goal is to test the space travel technology in cislunar space—the area between Earth and the moon.
Why does Tom always act personally attacked when white supremacy is mentioned?
Trump cheats at golf.
Tom cheats at golf.
The cat's chatty today.
My elderly cat Cookie is acting strange.
Houseless people need houses.
I love this bar.
Billionaires hate journalists because they shine light on their crimes.
Far-right people can only win by lying, cheating, and thuggery.
Proselytization is illegal in Russia except in religious buildings.
I think it's a good thing that evangelism is prohibited in Russia, but I remember when the theocratic Christian right was up in arms over Israel proposing a similar law.
Web 3.0 is the phase of the web where it stops being useful for anything.
Web 3.0 is the enshittified web.
Bitcoin and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
The Russian Orthodox Church sanctified the czar and is now a mouthpiece for Vladimir Putin's imperialist baby-killing wars.
I think these things are connected.
It is only through the presence of a stable, democratic, and fully representative government that issues such as violence, corruption, and civil and human rights abuses can be meaningfully addressed.
They say the lockdowns and curfews were too harsh at the beginning, fatiguing populations, and that the off-and-on nature of anti-coronavirus measures has only added to distrust.
The only remaining economic link between the two countries, already on the edge of falling apart, further frazzled on Friday.
Why are horses so fast?
A popular gossip magazine labels the 51-year-old married father of four one of the sexiest politicians alive.
Proselytization shouldn't be tolerated.
The quadrennial U.S. presidential contests are not determined by the national popular vote, but rather on the outcome of the voting in the 50 states, with each state's importance in the electoral college determined by its population and the number of senators and representatives it has in Congress.
Americans are celebrating Thanksgiving Thursday as they traditionally do—gathering with family and friends around tables groaning with food, watching parades and football games and, for many, starting their holiday shopping.
Fifty years ago when these books were first written that was a much more allegorical message and now it's something that looks really cool.
"You were a hippie, weren't you?" "Yeah, I was a freak."
The winemaker says sustainable viticulture is more than a set of farming practices.
Suffering isn't an end in itself.
From 2012 to 2013, more than 360 new species were discovered and catalogued.
Sikhism is a monotheistic religion founded more than 500 years ago in the Punjab district of what is now India and Pakistan.
The prosecution asked for another adjournment when the seven failed to show up in court for the scheduled hearings, but the judges denied the request.
White American Evangelicals think Jesus's actual teachings are too woke to be followed. What do these "Christians" fight for, if not Jesus? The answer is the other thing they have in common: whiteness.
The Under-Secretary will then travel to Naypyidaw, arriving on April 29 to meet with senior Government of Burma officials.
Tom is a minor celebrity in Boston.
Tom is something of a minor celebrity around here.
Tom looks like a little meatball.
Tom has a horseface.
Does anyone actually think that?
Does anyone actually treat it like that?
The authoritarian acts being displayed towards Cop City protesters range from spurious detentions to summary executions.
The way Cop City protesters are being treated is a preview of how all Americans will be treated for exercising their freedom of speech in the coming years.
People with different experiences will gravitate towards different politics.
In most cases, people who have experienced bigotry gravitate towards left-wing politics.
People who have traditionally been treated in a privileged way by the state gravitate towards right-wing politics, which preserve those privileges, rather than left-wing politics, which would get rid of them.
The thermosphere is located above the mesosphere and below the exosphere.
He trotted out with her fish, and brought it back again a few moments later, liberally nutmegged and very much to the lady’s taste.
What's not to do about lighting someone up, when you're sorely short of wood!
The Sex Pistols were a boy band put together by a fashion designer to cash in on the emerging punk scene.
Scientists at the University of Pittsburgh are testing several varieties of bamboo with mechanical properties that approach and even surpass those of softwood lumber.
The visit was part of an effort to show the government's responsiveness to the storm, which has now dumped historic amounts of rain.
She was active in the Afghan army for more than three decades; a commando and a paratrooper with nearly 600 parachute jumps, earning awards, certificates, and medals.
The Nakba is comparable in scale to one of Stalin's ethnic removals.
For the astronomers it was like finding a skyscraper in the middle of a cornfield.
January 2006 marks the second year running that Guyanese coastal cities have faced severe floods.
They are women, they are minorities, and we are very worried about what might transpire.
It boggles the mind that over 90 percent of the galaxies in the universe have yet to be studied.
If the government is not amenable to negotiation and national dialogue, chances are this could lead to a revolution.
The salt water rusts cars and kills greenery.
According to this doctor-in-training, who plans to specialize in psychiatry, medical students often report dreams in which they dissect a cadaver that suddenly comes alive and has the dreamer’s own face.
Most of the time nowadays, travelers only know they have crossed from one side to the other of the partitioned island because of the difference in the color of the mailboxes or because road signs in the south use kilometers, while in the north they’re indicated in miles.
I can't find it anymore.
I don't know what I was reading.
The U.S. space shuttle Discovery disengaged from the international space station Saturday in preparation for it's return to Earth.
They used to have dogs lick people's wounds.
The co-op practices consensus-based decision making.
The EFF has come out in favor of murderous gang of stalkers Kiwi Farms.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation insists that cops, not ISPs, should do something about the murderous gang of stalkers and serial harassers known as Kiwi Farms, but the cops have refused to do so for years, so they are functionally asking that nothing be done.
Kiwifarms is a site where violent sociopaths get together to coordinate harassment with the goal of making people commit suicide.
What's Cookie meowing about?
What's Cookie barking about?
Go see what Cookie's barking about.
Can you go see what Cookie's barking about?
Cookie meows a lot.
Why are donkeys so stubborn?
Why do cops love donuts?
I've got to write a paper.
I'm writing a paper.
I'm working on a research paper.
I can't remember the name of Tom's brother.
I can't remember where Tom and Mary are from.
I can't remember where Tom is from.
I can't remember what city Tom and Mary live in.
I can't remember what city Tom lives in.
I can't remember Tom's dog's name.
I can't remember the name of Tom's dog.
Vegan-friendly restaurants are restaurants with vegan options.
She's almost done.
It's a required course.
By "revolutionary Marxist," do you mean Marxist-Leninist?
Tom called Mary a hipster.
Tom and Mary are hipsters.
Is that person treating being LGBTQ as a personality, or are you unable to perceive the personality traits of LGBTQ people because of your prejudice?
70-year-olds shouldn't be running everything.
80-year-olds shouldn't be running everything.
Leaders should have a stake in the future they're steering people towards.
Trump and Biden are about the same age.
After a little while she brought them in a handbasket, cooked and ready served for him.
Tom is plump and jolly.
Tom is pleasantly plump.
The river was frozen very hard, and the merry skaters seemed almost to fly, they went so fast over the glib ice.
Researchers have found that an area of the brain called the corpus callosum is enlarged in professional musicians.
Fascinated by nature’s solutions to complicated mechanical problems, such as birds’ flight, he envisioned contraptions along the lines of the bat’s skeleton.
The Blue Dog Democrats are a coalition of Democrats who proudly and explicitly listen only to corporate America, not to Americans.
The Blue Dog Democrats received $10,000 from Sallie Mae and another firm representing student loan providers in order to attempt to kill Biden's student loan forgiveness program.
Jared Golden is owned by Sallie Mae.
We need more toilet paper.
Can you pick up some toilet paper while you're out?
He is narcissistically involved in himself and feels that he is a work of art which cannot be analysed.
The great thing, dear friend, is to judiciously commingle physical exercise with mental activity.
I don't like to have debt for too long.
Sometimes a visit to a national park means hiking rugged trails and climbing high mountains. Other times it means crawling through caves or rafting down a wild river.
I believe some of these things are true.
Artificial vermilion is also made both in China and in this country from a mixture of sulphur and mercury.
Egypt buys most of its grain from Russia and Ukraine and the price of importing wheat for a population of more than 100 million people has gone up drastically.
1984 is about two people having a relationship that the state doesn't approve of, constantly worried about the ramifications of it being discovered. It's very queer.
Being straight isn't a personality.
A glazier is a man who comes and mends windows when tennis-balls have gone through them and broken them.
Nature may have developed that edible storage organ, called a tuber, by modifying genes known to be present in other members of the potato family.
Neutralism is the lack of any interaction between two organisms or species in a shared habitat.
I don't care if you're straight, as long as you don't shove it in my face.
Mouths were too full for utterance but there was a unanimous bobbing of heads.
I don't feel any pity for Mitch McConnell. I hope his slide into dementia is slow and agonizing.
Mitch McConnell has inflicted far more suffering on the world than dementia could ever inflict on him and his loved ones.
Dementia is almost too good for Mitch McConnell.
The birdies had grown up, and had flown away.
A native Floridian, she began playing keyboards at age five, and saxophone at age eight.
Rich people don't have student loans.
Rich people have no need to take out student loans. It would be disadvantageous to them.
The only people who get student loans are people who can't afford college.
He had, she thought, the most pathetic eyes, large and honest, but quite irredeemably stupid.
That was just a pun.
What do I want out of my life?
What am I doing to get what I want out of life?
How do I feel about what I'm doing to get what I want out of life?
What could I do differently to get what I want out of life?
Tropical storms are common, annual occurrences on the eastern and southern shores of the U.S., but rare in the western states.
Are you guys ready to order or do you still need a few minutes?
Tom is flamboyantly straight.
Miriam is pleasantly plump.
Dali was kicked out of the surrealist movement.
"You used to be a good writer." "No I didn't."
I'm going to be Amish when I grow up.
Tom went two weeks without taking a shower.
I've got no clue why Tom said that to you.
Tom is no expert on the matter.
Check under the mattress.
The bathroom door is locked.
Time goes faster the older you get.
There was a hole in the fence large enough for someone to squeeze through.
American restaurants can pay their workers below minimum wage because they are expected to make it up in tips. So if you don't tip in America, you're asking someone to do labor for you without even the bare minimum compensation.
In America, if you can't tip, you should eat in.
In America, if you can't tip, you should drink at home.
You can do something else if you want.
Where'd you get the money for all this?
One group had their diet supplemented with extra virgin olive oil, while another were given nuts instead.
She agreed to it all, more or less absentmindedly, as she sat looking into the moonlight, and the day that had begun so stormily ended in kindness between them.
To subordinate the soul fundamentally to society or the individual to the state is sheer barbarism: the Greeks, sometimes invoked to support this form of idolatry, were never guilty of it; on the contrary, their lawgivers were always reforming and planning the state so that the soul might be perfect in it.
Using infrared cameras, the researchers tracked blinks and eye movements.
Everyone knows whether you are an artist or a bungler.
When the President took office in 2017, he signed deals promising billions of dollars in foreign investment to help revive the moribund economy but the funds never materialized.
The female Marten forms a nest of grass among the rocks, in a hollow tree, or utilises an old crow's nest by relining it, and produces a litter of four or five—sometimes varied in number from two to seven—and there are at least two litters each year.
In a superstore in Viterbo, on the northern outskirts of the Italian capital, Rome, retailers were taken aback by the volume of shoppers eager to stock up on water, pasta and dry foods; as people formed long lines in front of registers early in the morning with shopping carts piled high.
You guys have a shitty task, in a shitty environment.
What makes accepted medical practice "pseudoscience," other than your transphobic feelings?
Trans surgery regret is more rare than knee replacement surgery regret, and no one is asking that the latter be banned.
He was brought into the courtroom with his hands cuffed behind his back.
Why are you spewing recycled American right-wing propaganda?
Trans people are real. Trust the science.
Transition helps trans people. Trust the science.
Decades of research have shown again and again that the best thing for the mental health of trans people is being accepted as their gender.
Gender-affirming care is the evidence-based treatment for gender dysphoria.
There are a few parts of the brain that are sexually dimorphic, and in trans individuals prior to any hormones, those structures resemble their gender more than their assigned sex.
I should get a job walking dogs.
English is my second language.
English is a second language for me.
French is a second language for me.
He said the meeting between the president and the rebels would be primarily about expediting peace negotiations.
Hebrew is the Jewish language, but there are also other Jewish languages.
Tom is a gentle giant.
I wonder why Tom explains things so much better than Mary.
I can't believe you didn't know about Tom's house in Australia.
Dogs bark a lot.
Didn't you say that?
Tom just needed someone to talk to.
Why does Tom's room smell like that?
If I can make it back by tomorrow, I will.
It's not Elul yet.
It's Elul.
Should I come early and help you set up?
How are you on wine; would you like another?
I think we should give this one a try.
I think we should give this one a try, too.
What would you like next?
If you go past the kitchen, my room is on the right.
You guys are different.
You made things this way.
Take your lithium.
There's still some in there.
I'm an aspiring cult leader.
We pulled on till the shadows which spread over the stream showed us that night was coming on, and that we must ere long look out for a place to encamp.
During the rest of the year, she performs in children's educational shows, corporate events, and she also takes her 'queenly duties' to other Renaissance Festivals held in cities throughout the United States and Canada.
Most drag shows are not sexually explicit.
Most drag shows are not sexual.
The weather service says the widespread chill is the result of a relatively infrequent alignment of weather conditions, allowing the Arctic polar vortex to travel unusually far to the south.
Truly rich people don't work for money.
They accuse the government of marginalizing them politically and ignoring their demands.
Tom is a bohemian.
Mutable objects can be changed after initialization; immutable objects cannot.
So mutable are all the ways of men.
All these things are ultimately mutable.
Tom caught a haddock.
Save the haddock!
Tom ate a lot of haddock growing up in Boston.
Haddock live in the North Atlantic.
Haddock are closely related to cod.
Following weeks of sustained protests, the government agreed to disband the controversial police unit on October 11.
Haddock are gadids, meaning they are in the same family as cod.
Haddock can lay over a million eggs in one spawning.
Haddock live near the bottom of the sea, but not in the parts where the sea is deepest.
Don't just regurgitate the same old talking points.
I loved the vegan chicken cutlet.
I'm building a new workbench.
You're hardly a model of moral rectitude.
In the United States, the cornucopia is commonly associated with the holiday of Thanksgiving.
Cornucopians treat natural resources as having an ever-abundant supply, like the cornucopia of Greek legend.
What did the cornucopia symbolize to the ancient Romans?
I see you brought your toady along.
He could fell a tree with the swift surety of an executioner, and in revenge for his many arboral murders the woodland had taken captive his mind, captured and chained it as Prospero did Ariel.
Tom tried to change the subject by talking about cats.
Tom is moving along the libertarian-to-alt-right pipeline.
The agency's emblem is distinctive: A red cross emblazoned against a white background, the original symbol declared at the 1864 Geneva Convention to mark and protect individuals and objects that provide humanitarian aid in armed conflict zones.
The first thing to do is to clear away all the rubbish that clutters up the place.
He got up and stretched his spidery frame languidly.
Keratoconus is an eye condition that affects the shape of the cornea, which is the clear outer covering of the eye.
Golddiggers are turning out with pans and other equipment, often with entire families, hoping to strike it rich as long as they stay on public land and do not dig in someone else's claim.
The lamp consumed 480 watts giving an efficiency of about 15 lumens per watt.
His teeth were of the most pearly whiteness, and he made a constant display of them, grinning and chattering continually.
Addressing the delegates, the president made an impassioned appeal for concrete action to achieve the goals of sustainable development and the eradication of poverty.
Each web acts as a balloon, and the spider attached thereto is a little aeronaut.
I have too much respect for you to heckle you with aggressive inquiries as if you were a Chief Secretary and I were a Member of Parliament.
The wizard was carrying a staff.
This cool picture of a wizard staff was generated using AI.
What is your current place of residence?
Do you have a raincoat I could borrow?
Tom was wearing a windbreaker.
Tom, do you think you could go play your harmonica somewhere else? I'm trying to take a nap.
My favorite instrument is the harmonica.
I used to play the harmonica when I was a kid.
The whole class broke into song.
Tom randomly started singing.
Tom's already going gray.
They're plotting something sinister.
There's a conspiracy afoot.
Those guys are up to no good.
Tom bought a toilet seat.
The toilet seat was easy to install.
None of the toilets had toilet seats.
Landslides can be very dangerous.
Tom's house was damaged in a landslide.
What triggered the landslide?
Tom was on patrol.
Tom was patrolling the area.
Tom has many detractors.
Any truly influential person will have a fair share of detractors.
Pigeons aren't rats with wings.
He's a brainy kid.
She's a brainy kid.
Tom is brainy and serious.
They're brainy people, the whole family.
They're brainy types.
Cookie's breath was redolent of fish.
Tom's clothes were redolent of burnt cannabis.
It was redolent of the early days of the Internet.
I dreamt I had a really good vegan sirloin.
Tom works at a mortgage brokerage.
Tom works next door to an insurance brokerage.
When you see the sign for the stock brokerage, take the next right.
The ogre's terrible size and strength were tempered only by its ungainly movement.
It's an easily observable fact that trans athletes do not outperform their cis competitors.
The New York Times has been converted into an anti-trans activist organization, willing to lie for the cause and cover for their fellow activists.
He was seeing everything and seeing nothing; acutely, quiveringly conscious and yet oblivious to his surroundings by reason of the poignancy of his thought.
Cookie curled up in Tom's lap.
It's okay to punch Nazis.
It's the morally correct thing to do.
He smiled satirically round at the complacently nodding circle of gray heads and white heads.
Four years later it was stormed by the Aragonese, King Alfonso the Battler being the third to enter the fortress.
I got a tattoo to cover a scar from a traumatic event.
Futurists try to predict how changes in the world will impact society.
Tom is the leader of the pack.
We established a colony on Mars ten years later.
My fellow Americans, I'm pleased to tell you today that I've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever. We begin bombing in five minutes.
He had the magical gift of wringing a hundred pounds from a plutocrat with the air of conferring a graceful favour.
By accompanying the boys in their rambles he learned his way about the neighbourhood, and was in a short time perfectly acquainted with all the lanes, woods, and fields within a radius of two or three miles.
A halophile is an organism which lives in an environment of high salt concentration.
Based on initial data analysis, the collared bears rarely forayed outside the park.
All are likely to be dismissed from the armed forces, and there is as yet no indication that their insubordination will spark a military coup.
Jo Setchell is a primatologist at Durham University in Britain. She studies primates, the group of mammals that includes gorillas, chimps, monkeys, gibbons, mandrills, and lemurs. And, of course, humans.
The warlord went into hiding.
Tom is my body double.
The man you killed was a body double. The real Tom Jackson is still alive.
Tom was clad in a suit of armor.
On her farm, ears fill with the sounds of singing birds and buzzing cicadas, eyes are assailed with a kaleidoscope of color, from blood red roses to snow white lilies, and noses tingle with aromas of herbs and fruits.
The hamlet was composed of a few very poor dwellings grouped around a large low horse-shoe shaped building, which was the manorial mansion of the absent proprietor.
If two even numbers are added together, or subtracted from each other, their sum or difference will be an even number.
After a late-Sunday afternoon performance at the festival about the fun and misery of going to an orthodontist to get braces on his teeth, he was approached by an elderly woman who said she went to the same orthodontist.
Africa suffers from chronic food shortages and is regularly hit with floods and drought that decimate harvests, leaving millions of people dependent on food aid to survive.
The communications were ratty though because the shuttle is being obscured by the station.
At times, he would forget his book while listening to the music of the birds, or gazing at the peonies and tulips, but he would soon think again of his lesson, and commence studying with new zeal.
He and I were trying to act as if we were enjoying the cabaret show and not too much interested in the little drama that was being acted before us.
Most trans people have known they were trans from a young age.
Niggard is she towards us, granting us little gain; still, we are proud to serve.
Food operators have innovated and developed a wide range of food products tailored to consumers’ dietary needs and concerns.
We’re a finitely budgeted health care system.
I have too much of some kinds of dopamine and not enough of others.
He saw her to her home and then hastened to his own humble domicile.
The test is not always accurate, so many men undergo a painful second test, a biopsy of the prostate.
Villagers receive care from doctors at the hospital through videoconferencing.
She explains that "monkeypox" is a misnomer. The virus is actually carried by rodents which pass the disease along to humans.
Multiple languages are spoken in America.
America has its own Labor Day to discourage proletarian internationalism.
Multiple languages are spoken in the United States.
Government supporters dismiss the allegations as false and contemptible.
He said he hated rosebuds and liked his flowers faded.
An urban legend tells the story of how, dissatisfied with the micromanagement of their daily timelines, the crew staged a strike, some called it a mutiny, by turning off the space station’s radio, taking the day off, and doing whatever they pleased.
The emperor is expected to remain in the hospital for a one month recuperation.
Other worships pass away; the idols for whom pyramids were raised lie in the desert crumbling and almost nameless; the Olympians are fled, their fanes no longer rise among the quivering olive-groves of Ilissus, or crown the emerald-islets of the amethyst Aegean!
The Mars rover flexed its robotic arm today for the first time since before launch in November 2011.
He was evidently unconscious, doubtless in an anaesthetised sleep.
After Asculum, Pyrrhus crossed to Sicily and defeated the Carthaginians, the allies of Rome who were gradually capturing the island from Agathocles the king.
The cat looked bored.
He was accustomed to obey without opposition, and, although wondering at this sudden vagary on the part of his master, usually so reasonable in all things, hastened to do his bidding.
The sisters sell their bath bombs, bar soaps, loofahs and lip balms at the farmers' market.
All sorts of toilet luxuries were at hand, pretty coloured soaps, loofahs, lavender-water, ammonia, violet powder, violet scent.
Don't let the balloon touch the ground.
The glans (head of the penis) is covered with loose skin called the foreskin.
The study focuses on hurricanes and anomalous heat in the Caribbean.
The storm also squelched months of excitement and preparation for the biggest event planned in a long time.
Quantum computers might one day have the ability to push computational boundaries, allowing us to solve problems that have been intractable thus far, such as integer factorization, which is important for encryption.
If social media is any indication, we, like Narcissus of ancient myth, are surely self-obsessed creatures.
"I have a problem with euthanasia." "Tom, you shouldn't have a problem with a whole group of people." "No, not youth in Asia, euthanasia!"
Slay, queen!
"Anger empties the soul of all its resources, so that at the bottom appears the light", said Frederick Nietzsche.
He was later put into another vehicle and driven to an apartment where he was confined and trussed up with duct tape and plastic ties.
Cosmic microwave background radiation is heat left over from the Big Bang and found throughout the universe.
They talked good-humoredly until the dew and growing cold drove them in.
"I want to love without restraint." "That sounds boring." "Why?" "I like it kinky." "Oh! That's not what I meant." "I know."
The New Zealand kiwifruit industry can celebrate a bumper year in 2015 with production up 30% at 475,000 metric tons and exports up 31% at 454,000 metric tons.
He was well satisfied to be bashaw of an atoll, unused to greater comfort as he was, and enamored of reef and palm, and the lazy, unstandardized life of the South Seas.
Elon Musk is running Twitter into the ground, so of course he blames the Jews.
When these old women heard that he was coming to the place they went out to meet him, and awaited his coming on a great heath.
She holds a bachelor's degree in communications from California State University, and is a powerlifter and mother to a one-year-old son.
We had to put Cookie down today.
Cookie was a good dog.
Cookie was a good cat.
That's instinct.
Cats hide when they're sick.
All fairy tales about someone named Jack are about the same guy.
I'm in Montana.
Tom was an army brat.
Can you scratch my tattoo?
Acting was traditionally viewed as a disreputable profession.
It's easier to lie than to prove a lie wrong.
He is the coordinator of a news website, which has a platform that debunks false reports and propaganda that circulate online in the country.
What business had an old beanpole like that to talk of anybody else being long and thin?
This kinase phosphorylates certain signaling molecules, which triggers a series of additional reactions that transmit chemical signals within cells.
People rely on ferries for transportation in Bangladesh, a low-lying nation with hundreds of rivers.
When attacking, the fire ant stinger injects venom. It is fatal to small animals, and very uncomfortable to humans. It produces a burning sensation like fire. Small red bumps will appear on the skin and be annoyingly itchy. The venom from fire ants can actually be deadly to persons who are sensitive or allergic.
The seneschal rode in advance with two heralds, followed by the duchess in a riding-habit of green silk, mounted upon a beautiful palfrey.
While some were more enthusiastic about the job than others, she says nearly all agreed waitressing is hard work.
Of course we are concerned about those animals that live in the river itself, such as hippos and crocodiles, and a whole host of small biota.
The consulate said it notarized his signature, but not the contents of the document.
The recent flurry of social and economic reform coming out of the country has left some citizens ecstatic, others more circumspect, and a few conservatives bewildered or even angry.
Despite tensions, sanctions and recriminations between the United States and Russia, two American astronauts will join a Russian cosmonaut blasting off Wednesday from Kazakhstan for the International Space Station.
Researchers wanted to know how color vision affected an animal's ability to find camouflaged prey.
The centrosome introduced by the spermatozoon has divided into two centrosomes, one at each pole of the nucleus.
To an American student of life and language in Germany she was pictured as absolutely necessary, for, although originally from the Thuringian forest, she spoke the Saxon dialect shockingly well.
Since he and I are substantially of the same opinion as to the reality of the phenomenon, it would be bootless to discuss the comparative merits of the considerations that have led us to this conclusion.
The working environment here allows me to get my work done without the micromanaging.
For the most part the scientists and philosophers of the Muslim world were of Persian, Turkish, or Berber blood, but al-Kindi was descended from the Yemenite kings of Kinda.
Have the halter ready to place on the horse as you approach.
Joe Biden is a conservative, all the Republican candidates are reactionaries, and the left is not a significant force in American politics.
Tom has been working long hours at the sentence factory.
When the poor little beastie got here he thought, I suppose, that he could rest, but the moment the storm began to clear off his master insisted on mounting him and riding away to look for you.
Tom lives in this shack.
They're made of meat.
She's five foot five.
"Was Lennon a communist?" "What do you mean? He led the revolution and was the first leader of the Soviet Union. Of course Lenin was a communist."
I'll always remember Cookie.
Cookie will always be with me.
Being mockingly called a king doesn't make you an actual king.
Ostentatiously Christian conservatives often turn out to be child abusers.
Ashkenazi and Mizrahi Jews are closely related.
Ashkenazi and Sephardi Jews are closely related.
This Scottish professor has discovered how to take the waste products from distilling whisky and turn them into biobutanol, an alcohol that can be used as fuel.
All the natural dye materials came from the surrounding fields; leaves from olive trees produce a light yellow, madder root dyes wool orange-red, henna produces brown or dark green, and, my favorite, carrot greens make a brilliant, sunshine yellow.
The jokes write themselves.
The other branch of the Iranian, the Avestan, is the language of the Avesta or sacred books of the Parsees, the followers of Zoroaster, founder of the religion of the fire-worshippers.
The work of the Greek historian, Polybius, originally in forty volumes, of which only five remain entire, covered a period from the downfall of the Macedonian power to the subversion of Grecian liberty by the Romans in 146 B.C.
A madman gets madder when you talk reason to him.
These grasslands actually do get mown once a year to keep invasive plants and woody vegetation from taking over.
The Sustainable Peace Organization organized a program to promote coexistence and tolerance among different religions and ethnic groups.
Earlier hesitations have given way to relaxed dialogue and fresh ideas.
The attestation was the usual one signed by the witnesses, showing that the full requirements of the statute were observed.
A random priest is much more likely to be a child predator than a random drag queen.
From the topmost palm frond to the overcolored fungi patching the black earth arrogant Beauty ruled, but to the weary eyes that looked upon her she was become an evil queen.
India is set to rollout a momentous tax reform at midnight Friday that will transform the country of 1.3 billion people into a single market.
They turned their attention to another source of transmission, theorizing that the virus was coming directly from its host, bats.
He explained that the teacher had fallen asleep and several boys had started throwing spitballs.
Conflicts are designed to disempower the opposition.
The Northmen believed in giants and dwarfs; in wizzards and fairies; in necromancy and enchantments; as well as the Oriental natives.
Thousands of laborers and craftsmen toiled for 22 years to craft the stunning white marble edifice.
This is the second time that the proposed laws, which have caused anxiety in the private sector, have been found to contravene the heavily amended constitution or other laws.
Britain has been on a major transphobic kick in recent years, with both parties now explicitly supporting transphobia.
Of course, Labour under Keir Starmer is just a Tory clone.
The distinction between a language and a dialect is arbitrary and not applied the same way everywhere.
Is Northern Berber a language or a group of languages?
Is modern spoken Arabic a language, two languages, or many languages?
Are German and Dutch the same language?
Are Portuguese and Spanish the same language?
Is Cantonese a language or a dialect?
The distinction between a language and a dialect is arbitrary.
Google's new in-browser tracking program is a great reason to switch to Firefox.
You haven't actually seen me.
Capitalism is the best system God ever made.
Can I get an amen?
There are people who believe that.
Capitalism is amoral and harms humanity for its own sake.
Capitalism, invented by humanity, became its master.
Capitalism is coercive.
Where do sewers go?
I'm not real.
The meds help.
Don't listen to the voices. They're liars.
I was glad I could be there for her.
Does it get easier?
Will it get easier?
In addition to winning an Oscar, the actress recently landed a contract with a Paris-based cosmetics and skincare company.
He suffered a thigh bruise and some scratches, but his former teammate and fellow American fractured his collarbone, ending the race for him.
On approach, the comet's tail waggled as it interacted with the magnetic field of the Sun's atmosphere.
When they were released into a 20-hectare oak forest in 2010, seven bison cleared the undergrowth, saving about $72,000 which it would have cost to pay engineers to do the same job.
For 135 million years, dinosaurs ruled the Earth as the dominant terrestrial vertebrates, from about 200 million years ago until the cataclysm that wiped them out 66 million years ago.
Two days later, he apologized for the remarks, saying he "misspoke" when he discussed that case.
A vehicle can be an extension of its driver's personality and a group of artists has elaborated on this idea by creating lavishly decorated or altered cars.
The newspaper wrote that the president’s speech was largely uninspiring and likely did little to quiet his critics.
Humanitarian agencies say they are concerned about reports of upcoming military offensives in the country at a time when the risk of famine still persists.
This activity will aid students in internalizing the enormity of space through the use of math and inquiry skills.
Jan Pieterszoon Coen wasn't Jewish.
Jan Pieterszoon Coen was born and raised Calvinist.
After a public inquiry concluded in 2010 that Litvinenko’s murder very probably had been Kremlin-sanctioned, Britain remonstrated with Russian and froze the assets of two Russian suspects.
The soil should be full of loam, a mixture of sand, silt, clay and organic material.
Victory Holdsworth says the secretariat has put together a team to review the petition.
It's the topmost one.
Orangutans once thrived across Southeast Asia, but today they are found only in the rainforests of Sumatra and Borneo. In the province of Kalimantan, there are an estimated 50,000 orangutans.
The shark researcher at the marine laboratory says shark attacks are more frequent in Florida today than they were just 10 years ago, but she says any sudden concern about sharks is unwarranted.
He says businesses are losing up to $35 billion a year, globally, because of illegal products that violate patents and copyrights.
There are other people such as priests and demonologists and mediums who are much better-qualified to help people overcome supernatural threats than we are, and we refer our clients to those people.
Cities, in adopting a name, bear it usually as a testimony of victories or as an augury of virtues.
The important fishing industry was brought to a standstill by the oil spillage.
It took him four attempts over several years, but in nineteen eighty-five, he became the two hundred and seventieth person to swim across the Channel.
She weaves her baskets in the same style as her ancestors who lived in the desert and harvested fruit and vegetables.
This policy has been courageously and insistently advocated for over fifteen years, and has been triumphant for perhaps ten years.
One professor in my grad school found a student plagiarizing and automatically gave that student a zero.
We are blessed with domestic tranquillity and all the elements of national prosperity.
Birds are one of the surest indicators of the health of the ecology.
The ancient, iconic baobab tree, with its distinctive swollen trunk, grows in many parts of Africa.
Our species cannot live on Earth.
The green crab has few predators, aggressively hunts and eats its prey, destroys seagrass, and outcompetes local species for food and habitat.
For them the baleful effects of climate change aren’t vague or theoretical but already happening before their eyes.
Even after its blossoming season ends in May, the shrub flaunts an abundance of showy gray-green leaves.
What analysts say needs to happen is unlikely: two men from different generations, of different temperaments and of different ends of the political spectrum need to come together.
Horses are fast.
The president is under mounting pressure to veto the legislation, which empowers the government to block websites without a court order and gives it access to user information for up to two years.
Latvians approved the plan to enter the EU by a wide margin, confounding predictions that the vote was going to be close.
Cats are brats.
No it won't.
Elon Musk's "peace plan" was just giving Russia what it wanted.
Islam and Christianity are aimed at all peoples, but Judaism is aimed at the Jewish people.
If kids are old enough to learn about the Catholic Church, they're certainly old enough to know LGBTQ people exist.
Between the Catholic Church and the LGBTQ community, only one has a long proven track record of pedophilia.
Every day, this 42-year-old forestry warden takes his 11-year-old son and his 5-year-old daughter home from school on his moped.
The bells broke out with sudden jubilation; sudden, albeit the village had been on the alert for that very sound all the summer afternoon, uncertain as to when the signal for that joy peal might be given.
It's interesting how much of the noise calling queer people "groomers" is coming from right-wing Catholics, when they could be worrying about the actual pedophilia in their own church.
Let's see what they're up to.
In the earlier historical times the whole of the eastern part of the Balkan peninsula between the Danube and the Aegean was known as Thracia, while the western part (north of the forty-first degree of latitude) was termed Illyricum; the lower basin of the river Vardar (the classical Axius) was called Macedonia.
Pinochet's economic policies were neoliberal.
Pinochet was an absolute monster.
Former trainees are apprised of key changes and updates through periodic communication.
Salvador Allende did nothing wrong.
Puberty blockers do not cause sterilization.
Puberty blockers are completely reversible.
Chloe Cole claims puberty blockers cause sterilization, but her lawsuit against her doctors does not claim she suffered any such thing.
Chloe Cole is a soulless, mindless grifter who says whatever she's paid to say.
He told me that he was on the look-out for a quiet, unfrequented place on the seashore, where he might rusticate and sketch.
An interesting peculiarity of this plant is that it cannot pollenize itself, but is obliged to depend for its perpetuity upon a little moth whose sole aim in life seems to be to perform the work of pollenizing this plant.
Ever since Trump was impeached twice for various actual high crimes he committed, the Republicans have been promising to impeach whoever the next Democratic president was for no reason.
During the next few decades, the changing climate is likely to harm livestock, increase the number of unpleasantly hot days, and increase the risk of heat stroke and other heat-related illnesses.
Pope Gregory III. cherished dreams of an alliance with the powerful duke of the Franks, as St Remigius before him had thought of uniting with Clovis against the Goths.
Whatever I bring, be it sonatina, invention, or merely a counterpoint exercise, he daringly plays it out forte.
Just look at my poor hair, while her curls are kinkier than ever!
The main problem with the Internet today is enshittification.
Enshittification has rendered once-useful sites useless.
Enshittification is why search results aren't relevant anymore.
Polyamory isn't something you suggest after having just gotten caught cheating.
Polyamory is open and honest.
Kink isn't inherently sexual.
Kink isn't always sexual.
Money is important.
Money is important in this world.
Let's make it so money isn't important anymore.
God preserve you!
Goy is the Hebrew word for gentile.
Goy originally meant "nation" in Hebrew, and the Jews are described as a goy repeatedly in the Hebrew Bible.
The word goy likely is derived from gev, meaning body or torso.
One of the earliest known uses of the word "goy" to refer to an individual member of a nation other than Jews was in the Damascus Document, an ancient extrabiblical Hebrew work.
He warned that, 100 years after the end of slavery, they were still crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination.
Wednesday afternoon, police found the teenager with a drifter who was wanted for questioning.
He was a Swiss immigrant—a wanderer and a dreamer who tried many ventures in Europe, New York, and the American Midwest before seeking his fortune in fertile but largely undeveloped land in what is now central California.
A fetus isn't a baby and a five-week-old fetus doesn't have a heart.
A five-week-old fetus doesn't have a heart.
A growing population of nearly a quarter million Navajos continue to live a largely traditional lifestyle on tribal lands, and Navajo artistic tradition also continues to flourish.
Most people who have recovered from addictions aren't in AA or NA.
Lawmakers have passed a set of controversial security measures Thursday, amid shouting and catcalling, after a scuffle broke out in parliament earlier in the day.
Twenty four trials were conducted, some involving multiple defendants, resulting in thirty two convictions and thirteen acquittals.
“Awesome!” exclaims Jacob, 6, as he enters the newest exhibit at the National Museum of American Art.
Putin is the reason there isn't peace in Ukraine.
Putin could bring about peace in Ukraine today by leaving it.
In the 1990s, Austria abandoned the narrative that it was a victim in World War II.
The lead singer was influenced by avant-garde composers, and incorporated a bit of modern dance choreography into the group's live shows.
Ferries, freighters and fishing and tour boats are part of the tableau that often makes living by the sea postcard-pretty and desirable.
In order to clear up any misunderstanding or false impressions regarding the amazing case of my beloved friend and co-worker, I submit herewith extracts from the professor's notebook, which I found on the desk.
Such a brainy 'bot might sound more like the science fiction fantasies of children's comics than a real space agency project, but she thinks the sci-fi flavor of the project contributes to its importance for space exploration.
In addition to cold beer, the bar serves food, including grilled sirloin and pizza, the newspaper reported, adding that the steak comes with rice, beans and pasta and costs only $4.40 a plate, which is much cheaper than anything else nearby.
Austria was already fascist before its annexation by Germany.
He had been British Consul in Holland, and had seen the workings of the Amsterdam Bourse and the arbitrage business between London and Amsterdam, which was considerable in the middle of the eighteenth century.
Generally, hybridization of fishes seems most common in areas that have been subject to radical climatic change in the past 20,000 or fewer years, and in streams that have been altered recently by the activities of man.
A fetal "heartbeat" is a more arbitrary standard than viability.
"I'm an alpha male." "I don't care about your brodiac sign."
Tom met the Pope.
Tom met the Ayatollah.
Tom met the President.
Tom met the Chief Rabbi of his country.
Tom met the mayor.
We might as well try to get away.
Cookie spilled your water on my computer.
Tom assassinated the Pope.
Tom assassinated the King.
Tom assassinated the President.
Tom loves the Pope.
Tom loves His Majesty.
Maybe it'll be OK.
Maybe it'll be okay.
Why does Tom keep raising his hand? It's obvious he didn't do the reading.
Jamie Reed's allegations are not even remotely credible.
Jamie Reed is a far-right anti-trans activist who has repeatedly been caught in lies.
The president has issued three executive orders that pertain to immigration in the past week.
The health effects of chromium are primarily related to the valence state of the metal at the time of exposure.
Providing lifesaving healthcare is not indoctrination.
Obviously, kids have a right to healthcare just as adults do.
The man who served as the first president after the fall of the regime now bemoans the fact that the high democratic ideals he fought for are ignored.
The badger travels steadily, with its body very low and close to the ground; the marmot, especially when excited, gallops along, with undulatory movements of the body.
"Good morning!" "Yeah? What's good about it?"
While life has regained some semblance of normalcy, many local residents say the withdrawal is nothing more than a public relations ploy aimed at countering international criticism of the reoccupation of land.
In the U.S, medical professionals are warning would-be revelers that, as omicron surges, now is not the time to be in big crowds.
The gusher blasted oil into the air for nine days at a rate of 16,000 cubic meters of oil a day before the well was finally capped.
Detractors accused them of “canceling” the beloved children’s author who sold more than 650 million books worldwide.
How do you "cancel" one of the most powerful people on the planet?
Cancel culture is interpersonal, not parasocial. It has nothing to do with celebrities.
An activist can get canceled by their affinity group, but a famous author is just being criticized.
People rightly criticize the villainous behavior of J.K. Rowling. If she didn't want to be criticized, she shouldn't have become a celebrity.
But it was the company founded by Dr. Seuss's family that decided to stop printing the six books.
Wednesday's vote came as a new study by the Security Council details how the country has effectively evaded international sanctions in the last decade.
Farmers may get frustrated when gleaners damage or treat carelessly the fruits of their labor which they have chosen to donate.
I'm sorry, but Tom passed away last week.
The invisible force energizing much of this trade is a unique money transaction network, which allows the Somali diaspora to send money to family members and business partners back home.
San Diego, California, has a staycation campaign aimed at people who live within a day's drive of the city.
I don't think it's narcissism; it's just ordinary vanity.
Fair Florence, the narrow Arno dividing her, the purple Appennines shutting her in the Arno’s fertile valley.
An irrational number is a number that cannot be expressed as a ratio between two integers and is not an imaginary number.
The Croatians that came to the sound to fish were all from the Dalmatian coast, those that went into coal mining were from coal-mining regions, and the logging people came from logging areas.
"Distinctive periods, such as the Medieval Warm Period or the Little Ice Age stand out, but do not show a globally uniform pattern on multi-decadal time scales," says a co-author from the University of Bern.
He is an enthusiastic amateur chef, mixologist, birdwatcher and unicyclist, and likes to travel the world.
At the base of the rock, several ancient dwellings were built, and other features that still bewilder the nation’s leading scholars of indigenous people.
Spiders, a unique class of creatures known as arachnids, come in 43,000 varieties and have thrived for nearly 300 million years on every continent except Antarctica.
The effusion rate of lava during a volcanic eruption is of fundamental importance in volcanology, given its direct association with hazards.
California scientists attached a tiny electric circuit to a protein in the human teardrop and watched it destroy invading germs.
Ronald Reagan's legacy is AIDS.
The lack of sea ice left phytoplankton to the mercies of an increasingly wind-whipped surface, particularly along the northern Peninsula.
Heat waves are becoming increasingly intense, frequent and long lasting around the world because of climate change, but the pattern of heat waves unfolding in Europe is a global outlier.
The chemistry prize was awarded for the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems.
You're a lot of people's type.
It's one of your quirks.
I cannot do that; it is against my programming.
People can get Legionnaires’ disease when they breathe in small droplets of water in the air that contain the bacteria.
Despite coronavirus lockdown measures, people who work in the informal sector are forced to leave their homes to eke out enough money to support themselves and their families.
Each fifth-grader had been given a big plastic bag to stuff with school supplies, toys, and whatever else they thought their penpal would need, or want.
We had our landlord's company at supper, and had learned from him that the most eminent of American financiers, who shall not otherwise be identified here, was in the habit, when coming to Leghorn, of letting him know that he was bringing a party of friends, and commanding of him a banquet such as he alone knew how to furnish a millionaire of that princely quality.
She reads insatiably: more than 2,000 books over the past five years.
Sequoias grow over 90 meters tall, their trunks are up to 15 meters wide and some of them are more than 3,000 years old.
Abortion bans are about controlling women.
Warmer waters supercharge some marine life's reproduction rates, putting other species' very survival at risk.
I was demoralised at times, but I knew I had to forge ahead to accomplish my dream.
The prime minister said it would have been negligent to go ahead with the deal against advice from intelligence agencies.
A biopsy specimen was obtained and sent to Pathology where it was sectioned and stained with hematoxylin and eosin.
The referendum is non-binding, but the result will have to be validated by a general election later this year, and the island nation's two major political parties have staked out starkly contrasting positions.
Tom is a false messiah.
Rudy Giuliani was never anything other than what he is now; the media just gave him a bunch of undeserved celebrity after he happened to be mayor of New York during the September 11th attacks.
The charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice, withholding and corruptly concealing a document or record, and concealing a document in a federal investigation carry up to 20 years in prison.
The app can help organize the information and find citations for books, websites and more.
Watching astronauts float in the weightlessness of space may look like a lot of fun, but scientists have found that such an environment can also have negative physical and psychological effects on humans.
Although an utterly unathletic man I am paying court to a lady who dotes upon male proficiency in games.
Some women take medications to fatten up quickly.
An armrest was mounted between the seats, and each seat had adjustable footrests and a velcro seatbelt.
Clouds are the veil behind which the face of day coquettishly hides itself, to enhance its beauty.
The tests showed that those who took naproxen had a 50 percent increased risk of suffering heart attack and stroke.
The old man sat behind a fortress of magazines and books, treacherously reading the funnies in a newspaper.
Most people have temporarily lost their voice at some point due to laryngitis—a throat infection—or from too much screaming at events such as football games or concerts.
Scientists meeting at the 7th European Conference on Space Debris, held in Darmstadt, Germany, say the density of space trash orbiting earth in some areas is so high that it may soon become dangerous to fly through it.
Unripe ackee fruit, and the rind and seeds of ripe fruit, are never safe to eat because they can contain dangerous amounts of hypoglycin A.
I'm a general.
I'm a chaplain.
Awww!
Awww! What a cute little baby!
Tom's being Tom.
We do a lot of parallel play; for example, I'll read a book while she plays Minecraft next to me.
I'm not reading that.
I'm a youth pastor.
Tom works at a harm reduction clinic.
They're my partner.
They're my teacher.
They're my therapist.
I'm a minister of Satan.
Tom met the Coptic Pope.
Tom says he's never been there.
Tom says he's never heard of it.
I was into them before they were cool.
The country has consistently emphasized that a lasting resolution can only be achieved through disengaging and reducing the number of troops from all remaining friction points.
My intention was to prise the door open with my tool, for I am a very powerful man, but suddenly another idea occurred to me.
The results of a new report on toxins in the environment suggests that over 200 million people across the world are at risk of illness from industrial pollution.
Philosophically spiritualism shows a strong tendency to develop into either panpsychism or transcendentalism.
The U.N. agency also believes the disease has been more common in Southeast Asia than the smattering of cases reported in the region in the past several years.
The government will not fold its arms and allow miscreants and criminals to continue to perpetrate these acts of hooliganism.
His 11-year-old brother is less sanguine about his long days of work, saying he dreams of having a bicycle, a football and an education.
"Even progressive Sweden has changed its mind on trans issues." "Sweden is currently ruled by the far right. Of course they did."
What little girl didn't tattle to her mother about the naughty things the boys were doing?
Across the street is a tree of different shape, though an evergreen and a conifer.
They repaired to their cabin, and solaced themselves with food.
Darwinian man, though well-behaved, at best is only a monkey shaved.
The prestige of the Societies had been effectually destroyed by the President’s denunciation; in a surprisingly short time these ambitious and troublemaking organizations sank into desuetude and were lost to view.
The expansion will more than double the canal’s income over the next 10 years by making the trip faster and cheaper for shippers, said the head admiral of the Suez Canal Authority.
It was a cool site until the channers colonized it.
They knew it would be harsh, but nothing could have prepared them for the terror of the almost continuous assaults from northeasterly storms and westerly gales that hardly eased for half of their crossing.
Unlike the rest of Indonesia, the people of Papua province are ethnic Melanesians and their culture more closely resembles that of groups in South Pacific islands.
The poem, as a poem, had little success; but by positing that the Age of Louis was the greatest in history, and suggesting that the moderns were as good as the ancients or better, it started a famous controversy.
He pungently derided attempts made, by pseudoscientists of the obsolete school, to popularize among mistaken but serious secularists the science of yesterday and the destructive criticism of the day before that.
If, as is often assumed, intelligent life is millions or billions of years old, cultural evolution may have resulted in a "postbiological universe," in which flesh and blood intelligence has been superseded by artificial intelligence.
I bought bread from that stand over there.
His long, claw-like fingers danced from one part of the machine to another fiendishly, and a hideous grin distorted his features.
There's no rush on those.
That guy over there is selling doses.
A new moon is the best time to see the Milky Way.
Rosh Hashanah is the Jewish New Year.
Rosh Hashanah literally means "head of the year."
There was a time when Weezer only had two albums.
Tell me a story in one sentence.
Tom just swept the whole thing under the rug.
Is rock music dead?
The number of doctors is small, and the number with time to tweet is even smaller, but the number of people who lie on Twitter is extremely high.
She has answered, France has answered, in thunderings articulate, / From the Alps and either Seaboard, to the Pyrenees, the Rhine; / And though a horde of demagogues may bellow and gesticulate, / They know this is a victory of the PEOPLE'S RIGHT DIVINE.
She is a Senegalese traditional healer who for years has used cowry shells to help people improve their health and lives.
The government responded by cracking down on dissent and arresting thousands for counterrevolution, arson and disrupting social order.
A champagne bottle was cracked over the bow during the event and state television showed tugboats pushing the vessel away from its berth.
Residents of Hobyo, Somalia, say drifting sandstorms are burying their homes, schools and shops and threatening the existence of the coastal town.
My critical thinking, articulating, and writing skills have definitely improved from all the serious practice, both in class and on my own.
He and his team of dozens of researchers spent six months gathering and inputting data on climate change into their system and watching how all of these impacts would affect individual sites around the world.
The impenetrable grayness that dominated the plateau during the height of night is dissolving rapidly and, for the first time in five months, I can see the effects of a ceaseless winter wind on an otherwise undisturbed world.
The ironic thing about my whole career is that I've been able to hang on for a lot longer than most of the people I've parodied over the years.
The olm, or proteus, is found only in the underground lakes of Carniola and one or two other parts of Central Europe.
State media Sunday quoted an official in charge of party discipline as saying cases involving high-ranking officials who take big bribes and embezzle large sums of money are increasing.
A faint smile twitched the owner's tawny mustache, chased away by a little cloud of anger, for in that land of many horse stealings to ask a man how he had come by his horse savoured of discourtesy.
He specializes in selling gold coins, called ‘Napoleons’, and other valuable artifacts from his store.
The building once housed a cafe, a pharmacy, a barber shop, a printing office, a shop where chairs were recaned, and second-story rooms for boarders.
European scientists say a recently completed DNA map of the Iceman—the well-preserved, 5,300-year-old mummy discovered in a melting Alpine glacier in 1991—is yielding new details about the man's physical look, his ethnic origins and his health—including an apparent predisposition for heart disease.
They did not hesitate, although they were strict churchwomen, to engage a Methodist to act as mistress in one of their Sunday schools.
Countries are artificial constructs.
Two material bodies attract each other with a force proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of their distances.
Now I have to admit, when I read this, this sounded totally wrong and counterintuitive.
The tone, reproachful and irritating, in which this was spoken, was answered in a sweet, calm voice.
The fate of the Celt in the British Empire bids fair to resemble that of the Greeks among the Romans.
He knew it was so, with an unaccountable but instantaneous certainty.
Two decades ago on Sunday, Germany ended its East-West divide and reunified as one country, after more than forty years of separation.
His father was a Sheik, or captain of a tribe of Bedouins, the real desert tribes of Arabs, who live only in tents in an oasis of the desert.
Born in New York City, December 17, 1824, of English and German ancestry, son of a Universalist Minister who was compelled to struggle along on a very meager salary, the lad felt very early in life labor's stern discipline.
They epitomize the romance of the Australian Outback but sheep shearers are deserting the job in droves, sending the country's wool industry into crisis.
There is still one preliminary topic on which I feel that it is desirable to touch before proceeding to give an account of my experiments, and this has reference to the vivisection which many of these experiments have entailed.
Moreover, he was a sturdy little man, wore spectacles, and had a smooth bald head, over which, at the time we introduce him to the reader, fifty summers had passed, with their corresponding autumns, winters, and springs.
The government is advising precautionary measures like not shaking hands and forgoing the traditional kiss on both cheeks.
Speaking to American Jewish leaders at the Vatican, the pope said denial or minimization of the Shoah was intolerable and unacceptable.
I'll give you that money when you get here.
I'm bringing water to the homeless encampment.
I'll let her sleep in.
I'm studying to become a priest.
I used to be a neoliberal.
I thought long and hard about what you said.
They're on a campaign to win hearts and minds.
The two of us were inseparable.
I wouldn't take it too personally.
I wasn't homeless at that time.
What exactly is dark energy?
Cats tend to do things like that.
Like most Jews, I have brown hair and brown eyes.
There's a homeless encampment there.
I'm studying to become a rabbi.
I see your tinfoil hat hasn't lost its shine.
Tom used to be a communist.
Niagara Falls is more developed on the Canadian side than the American one.
A karyotype may be used to look for abnormalities in chromosome number or structure.
It was pretty difficult to break the ice, although that did not seem to be due to any lack of cordiality and pleasantness on his part.
More than 250 Santas have gathered at the school to prepare for their seasonal work.
Become a solar system detective and see if you can solve the stellar mysteries in this slideshow before reading how the scientists did it.
The inertial measurement unit contains accelerometers, which—just like the accelerometers within the inclinometer—can be used to estimate the initial attitude.
I'll let Tom sleep in.
Owls are birds.
Why doesn't Tom speak with a rasp anymore?
Tom used to be a capitalist, but then he got older and wiser.
The trick is to maintain plausible deniability.
If you massively increase CEO pay while ignoring the workers, don't be surprised when you have a strike on your hands.
Come on, old dozer, rouse yourself from your dreams!
To comprehend the truth of Enlightenment, therefore, we must exercise some other mental power than intellection, if we are at all in possession of such.
On Monday evening at six, the funeral pyre will be lit by his widow and by his son—the current king of Cambodia.
One of the world's greatest memorizers taught Joshua mnemonics, the creation of unique codes and mental images to help one remember useless information like random numbers.
There are 30 recordings at the Library of Congress that immortalize this outlaw as a folk hero.
"I think Mary's into me." "I doubt it. You're not her type."
Everything changed when she was whisked away to the neonatal intensive care unit for observation.
The pronunciation guide now has about 5,000 names in it, spelled phonetically and then pronounced in an audio file.
Chancing to come before the mirror, he saw that he was unusually pale, and that his eyes had a swollen look.
Judaism isn't a proselytizing religion.
Aspiring converts to Judaism are traditionally rejected at first, only allowed to convert if they persist in wanting to do so.
Converting to Judaism also means joining the Jewish people.
From figs and Swiss chard to edible nasturtiums, he grows fruits and vegetables that are rare in the inner city, where he says residents have better access to fast food and liquor stores than to healthful produce.
I'm studying to become a minister.
Tom is a soldier through and through.
Tom wouldn't have wanted us to argue like this.
What happened to the synagogue?
OK, I lied when I said I wasn't hungry.
Many abolitionists in 19th-century America were of German descent.
Lauren Boebert had sex in front of children.
There's a possibility that I'll be in Boston next week.
Life is an interesting thing that matter does sometimes.
We were once stars.
We used to be parts of stars.
Time seems to speed up as you get older.
That feeling of being uncomfortable with the gender one is assigned at birth is known as gender dysphoria, and it can start showing up in kids as young as 2.
It used to be that you wouldn't think of a preschooler on a computer, but now you're seeing 3-year-olds on computers.
This pen isn't black.
It's not theologically important.
I'm studying to become a Buddhist monk.
Do you want to fill this form out?
It imposes an unnecessary burden.
This bickering is pointless.
The Beijing Olympic torch was ceremoniously run through the capitals of both North and South Korea.
The Phocians having ploughed up some consecrated ground belonging to the temple of Apollo, the Amphyctionic council, according to the superstition of the age, imposed a fine on the sacrilegious offenders.
Lithium-metal batteries are generally used to power devices such as watches, calculators, temperature data loggers, car key fobs, flashlights, and defibrillators.
He says further studies are needed to determine to what extent these findings can be extrapolated to other areas in Africa.
The president has promised a more austere administration than that of his predecessor.
Never miss a chance of ingratiating yourself with the Jury, even at the expense of the Judge.
The 40 finches here are regularly checked by animal specialists to make sure they're healthy.
The corals’ requirement for high light also explains why most reef-building species are restricted to the euphotic zone, the region in the ocean where light penetrates to a depth of approximately 70 meters.
Olivia calls herself a bird-lover who hopes to one day become an ornithologist.
Olivia said that a 19th century French-American ornithologist who painted and described the birds of North America in his book Birds of America was her inspiration.
The team placed food behind a fence the chimpanzees could get if they worked together to pull two or three sets of levers.
Making his fourth run for the Presidency, he moderated his leftist rhetoric of the past that had brought about his previous defeats.
These liberals admired her courage and sincerity and helped her to organize her lecture tours and to finance her propagandistic and literary ventures.
Even with this disadvantage, however, he was not the hindmost, and reached the exit unhurt.
The exchange program has gone a long way in breaking down the stereotypes and the preconditioned ideas that we have about people in other cultures.
The zeroth law of thermodynamics states that when two objects are separately in thermodynamic equilibrium with a third object, they are in equilibrium with each other.
Scientists say achieving those goals calls for lightweight materials, better aerodynamics, new kinds of fuels and alternative aircraft configurations.
Federal prosecutors say the suspects peddled stolen information, and a sample of a new soft drink, in the hope of raising as much as $1.5 million.
Each chromosome has a constriction point called the centromere, which divides the chromosome into two sections, or “arms.”
This scientific assessment monitors the progress of the Montreal Protocol, a global agreement reached in 1987 and put into place in 1989, intended to protect the Earth’s ozone layer by phasing out the chemicals that deplete it, often used as propellants in household products or in air conditioning.
Somehow the silent snow, the waning traffic, the oncoming twilight, combined into a sense of ominous portent.
I'm never not hungry.
If you had said that, I wouldn't have taken it too personally.
I'm studying to become an imam.
Dogs are funny, aren't they?
I take full responsibility for everything.
Where would you like to go now?
Provided that you exist!
Can you ask Tom to take us to the store?
Are you prepared to go to jail?
I'm studying to become a minister of Satan.
Save yourself, Tom.
Tom wouldn't have wanted it like this.
Are you calling me a commie?
I was lying when I said that.
Your assessment is accurate.
I'd like to become a teacher.
What happened to the church?
The package was delivered on time.
There has been a delay.
The documents were submitted on time.
Tom crashed into a parked car.
The driver got a speeding ticket.
The item will go to the highest bidder.
This is a rough draft.
The idea is very interesting, but I'm worried about how we are going to implement it.
I need to assess the damage.
Tom lost his warehouse job.
Production came grinding to a halt.
A passing motorist stopped to render aid.
I'll need to speak to my supervisor about that.
The grammatic structure or plan of a language is forever changing, and in this respect the language may become entirely transformed.
A hopeful society has institutions of science and medicine that do not cut ethical corners, and that recognize the matchless value of every life.
Pigs and migratory birds pose a special danger because they are so-called "amplifying hosts"—they store the virus in large amounts in their systems without getting sick.
In the hallway outside the courtrooms hang eight lists where respondents must search for their names to learn where their cases will be heard.
There are 50 or so units in the block on which he and six friends have bought Victorian row houses adorned with turrets and peaks, gables and columns.
One by one, the chamber's 513 deputies rose to announce their vote at a microphone, greeted by cheers and sometimes jeers from the rest of the members.
Lauren Boebert was at a family-friendly movie and gave her boyfriend a hand job. If she had been a gay man, the right would never shut up about it.
I'm interested in buying the shoes you're selling.
Does every star have planets?
Tell me how to become a doctor.
Tom, I know you wouldn't have wanted this, but it's what we have to do.
Fracking is the controversial process in which water or other fluids are injected into underground rocks at high pressure to release oil and natural gas deposits.
An Australian family has reclaimed their world record by stringing up more than half a million Christmas lights around their suburban home.
Can you fill this form out for us?
The doctor will be in to see you shortly.
The cat licked her claws.
I need you to work at 2:30.
I hope Tom knows what he means to us.
Back in 1967, with the revolution in its infancy, this reporter visited China's Great Wall and captured on film the smiling young people whose enthusiastic embrace of Marxism, Leninism and Maoism was the revolution's key force.
While in the past this instruction involved Catholic priests teaching Catechism, church-selected instructors now may be either lay or religious, and their instruction is intended to include material relevant to non-Catholic faiths.
The potential and the uncertainty of where this is going to go is the thing that is instilling concern in individuals and health officials, but it is also the reason why we have to be taking this very, very seriously.
I realized that the transfer of a human brain from an organic body to a complex artificial space ship would not involve the loss of the intellectualization faculty of the mind.
New research from Michigan State University indicates that some life events do have the potential to change us and make us happier—or unhappier—permanently.
Salpingectomy is the cutting away of the whole or of a piece of the Fallopian tube (corresponds to vasectomy in the male).
Combine one teaspoon of sugar, half a sheet of dried seaweed, one tablespoon of salt, four tablespoons of red pepper flakes and one tablespoon of water to make a paste.
Europe’s international law enforcement agency said Wednesday ransomware outpaced all other forms of cybercrime in 2017, making it the most dangerous current online threat.
Cobalt, which forms the core of Vitamin B12, is only created in supernovae and neutron star mergers.
Many common mammals found along the shores of Lake Superior are conspicuously absent from this isle.
Tom called off. Can you come in tonight?
Can you cover my shift?
I wish Tom would take better care of himself.
I've never been one for speeches, so I'll keep this short.
You wouldn't treat someone else like that, so don't do it to yourself.
I can't make it; can you fill in for me?
Cats are too much sometimes.
What happened to the temple?
I wouldn't want to be a teacher.
How could a libertarian theme park possibly go wrong?
I had a bad migraine.
I need you to set up a mic at 2:30.
The Spanish officers had provided music for their entertainment, and oranges and confectionary were handed about.
When first discovered by British explorers in the rivers of Eastern Australia in the late 18th century, this duck-billed, furry beast became a nightmare for taxonomists.
This diorama pictures a hunt such as may have taken place 10 or 12 thousand years ago in what is now northeastern New Mexico.
The executive power was in the hands of the burgomaster and of the town councillors, who were elected by the great assembly.
In the United States, thallium has been restricted from use in rodenticides and depilatory cosmetics.
This morning more mysterious seems the sea than yesterday when, with reverberant roar, it charged upon the beaches, and the sky above it shimmered cloudless.
Dr. Mengele's so-called "experiments" did not obtain any useful medical data.
Cats teach consent.
The name Pakistan was coined as an acronym for Punjab, Afghania, Kashmir, Sindh, and Balochistan.
I refer to the Labiate family,—a family to which the lavenders, the mints, the thymes, and the hyssops belong, with basil, rosemary, and marjoram,—all plants of "gray renown," as he happily remarks in his description of the herbal of his "Schoolmistress."
Presently, his eyes readjusted to the dark until he could make out the trees through which they had groped and bumped heads an hour earlier.
The otter has the long body of many mustelids, but is specialized for aquatic life.
The 150 poems in the Book of Psalms represent a range of human voices and emotions, and are among the Bible’s most widely read verses.
His book, "The Future of Reputation," published in 2007, became a best-seller and it remains one of the most thorough explorations of privacy in the online/wireless networked world.
Naturopathy—also called naturopathic medicine—is a medical system that has evolved from a combination of traditional practices and health care approaches popular in Europe during the 19th century.
Goblinland was indeed the crater of an immense ancient volcano.
Doctors, however, found a labral tear of her right hip that will require surgery.
I had never been in a recording studio. At that time, we didn't have stereo. Everything was mono.
Hypertonic and hypotonic crystalloids respectively contain more and less electrolytes than the plasma.
Researchers have developed a topically-applied molecular microbicide capable of preventing HIV transmission.
She is one of the premiere legal minds currently trying to grok the intersection between surveillance, privacy, and public policy.
If the people having sex at Beetlejuice: The Musical had been gay, the right would have called them pedophiles and groomers.
Humans and cats have very different sleeping patterns.
Tom can't make it; can you fill in for him?
You should be able to find it in the system logs.
Catholic priests used to keep the tops of their heads shaved.
A whole colony of wild birds nestle in the reedy thatch, and find out quiet corners in the cool shadow of that wide veranda.
Iron's atomic number is 26.
Esther isn't my TA.
Cookie keeps peeing on my bed.
American kids don't learn enough about China.
That wasn't very cash money of you.
Whatever you do, don't look back.
She is slender and petite, with long black hair which she wears in a bun at the back of her head, held in place by a single chopstick.
I doubt if we could have ridden near enough to the ostriches to bola them, so our plan was to make detours on the pampas until we had outflanked, encircled, and altogether puzzled our quarry.
The assistant attorney who is handling the case stated that the man operated a business that created fraudulent pay stubs and other fraudulent documents.
Tom's tendency to be overly critical keeps his team on their toes, fearing harsh feedback.
I fell down a rabbit hole.
The tabloids love to slag off celebrities for the slightest misstep, often blowing things out of proportion.
The Reagan-Bush administration supported both sides of the Iran-Iraq war, though their support for Iran was covert.
Bush, Sr. broke up with Saddam Hussein in 1990.
"Immigration is genocide." "Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength."
That sounds like a skill issue.
For the last year, the deli that this Egyptian-American owns in New York has been the backdrop to on-air discussions on U.S. foreign policy and Middle Eastern affairs that are broadcast in Egypt.
Quoting the landscape architects, upon whom devolves the responsibility for this phase of park activities, the reverse of the famous principle used by the ostrich generally is followed, for roads, trails, and buildings all should provide a maximum of scenic view, at the same time being as inconspicuous as possible themselves.
It was the pressing pursuit of this knowledge that, in concatenations of omnibuses and usually in very wet weather, led her so often to my door.
There also are worries that the prime minister's polices will push consumers to spend extravagantly and take on debt.
Worn on the neck, the device records central blood pressure in the carotid artery, internal jugular vein and external jugular vein.
The Genoese built a fortress on the site of present day Monaco in 1215.
When this 18-year-old decided to enroll in an institute which trains air hostesses, she was confident she would easily pick up a job in India's booming aviation industry.
A U.S. spacecraft is returning to Earth with a precious cargo of stardust that was gathered during a 4.5 billion-kilometer roundtrip journey to a distant comet.
Although this composer's opus includes a wide variety of music, he has attracted the most attention with works inspired by real life events.
The germination of both seeds of a bur of Xanthium in one season is exceptional.
No human poisonings from cocklebur are known but seeds and seedlings are toxic and potentially fatal to animals.
Where can I find old retro fonts?
American kids don't learn enough about India.
What does "t3h pwnz0r" mean, Dad?
Tom's head turned into a thousand snakes.
I shouldn't have trusted that guy.
I'm done with Tom.
American kids don't learn enough about Iran.
Sure, Grandma; let's get you to bed.
Elements heavier than iron are produced during supernovae and during the merger of neutron stars.
Tom just isn't my type.
If you're going to steal from anyone, steal from a centrist Democratic politician. Their clothes and houses are stuffed with bills they can't report missing.
You dang kids better get off my lawn!
I picked the wrong time to quit smoking.
If America isn't a racist country, why is Trump so popular?
I'm very, very bisexual.
The "Don't Say Gay" laws being passed in conservative American states are little more than translations of Putin's "gay propaganda law."
The managing director's resignation is certain to touch off a fierce but gentlemanly succession struggle.
Edward II. being formally deposed in a general assembly of the great Barons, his eldest son was called to the throne, and crowned on Christmas-day, 1326, in the sixteenth year of his age, “during the lifetime of his father.”
It also gives the police a chance to check the records and see if a speeder is wanted for more serious crimes.
The NFT Tom bought is worthless now.
Tatoeba missed out on the chance to raise money with an official Tom NFT.
NFTs were like pogs, but dumber.
The buoyancy, vivacity, energy, enthusiasm and ambition ordinarily associated with youth can be maintained through middle age and in some cases even to old age.
It was a sailor, bare-armed and bare-legged, in blue singlet and canvas trousers rolled to the knee.
The Canadian parliament gave a standing ovation to a 98-year-old Nazi on Friday.
Cookie came and cuddled with me.
October 20th is coming up fast. Are you ready?
I think you can be a materialist while also acknowledging that there are too many variables to make accurate predictions about the future.
"What are you on?" "Just the spectrum."
I may already have COVID.
Modern forensics have come a long way with the use of DNA evidence and fingerprint databases.
Alpacas—large, wooly animals related to camels and llamas—are normally found in the Andean region of South America.
The United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization is warning farmers about damage caused by heavy farm equipment, such as tractors and ploughs.
Dr. Mengele's "experiments," in addition to being cruel, did nothing to advance medicine whatsoever.
The reason you kill Nazis is so they don't get standing ovations from the Canadian parliament when they're 98.
Zelenskyy has denounced marches honoring SS Galichina before.
"Tom, you're bi, aren't you?" "I prefer the term ambisextrous."
"Crime is up. We shouldn't have defunded the police." "We didn't defund them. We increased their budget." "Just goes to show what happens when you defund the police..."
We don't want those who don't want us.
He attaches a meat-filled lure on a long string to the underside of a quad-copter and flies it around the field for the raptor to chase down and snare.
Red is, indeed, the chief element of beauty in floral nature, the prime ornament of the green garb of the vegetal kingdom.
Across the street, a fishmonger proudly displays what he claims is the finest turbot in Istanbul.
They arrive with large wads of bills stashed in their wallets.
He says the peace and growing stability bodes well for the country’s future.
Asian and Pacific Islander men have the fewest heart disease deaths.
She should have a simple but generous diet with plenty of fluids; three regular meals may be given and gruel, milk, or cocoa at bed-time and sometimes between meals.
The English house-sparrow, a pert, daring little bird, which is seen in crowds in almost all cities of the Northern United States, was first brought to this country about twenty years ago.
The string concatenation operator (&) is not an arithmetic operator, but in precedence, it does fall after all arithmetic operators and before all comparison operators.
The chief said officers are trained to try to deescalate a situation and to minimize or avoid the use of force whenever possible.
Sudden numbness, physical weakness, difficulty speaking and comprehending and loss of balance are all common symptoms of stroke.
It’s a type of neutron star known as a magnetar and is located about 10,000 light-years away from Earth in the constellation Cassiopeia.
The Chronicle of Nepal, written in the Gurkha language, is also largely occupied with an account of sacred sites and buildings and exists in two versions, one Buddhist, the other Brahmanical.
He spotted alligators, roseate spoonbills and several species of ducks as he steered his boat slowly past islands of reeds.
The global economy is set to grow by around five percent this year, but global trade and fiscal imbalances are also on the rise.
Now he believed that he had caught the bloodsucker in the act of attaching himself to another prey.
We continue to believe that regime is capable of dealing with any disorders that might be fomented by opposition groups.
Is it safe to kiss a cat wearing a flea collar?
It's not possible to change someone's sexual orientation or gender identity.
I'm surrounded by cats.
Being gay, bi, or trans is perfectly fine, but being a white nationalist isn't.
Does anyone care about that?
It almost seems as though this freestyle aerial skier has no more mountains to conquer in his sport.
Once upon a time two children came to the house of a sailor man, who lived beside the salt sea; and they found the sailor man sitting in his doorway knotting ropes.
The hostess, who played no instrument, but doted upon all, was of opinion that an executant should 'aim at mirroring his own nature in his interpretation of a tone-poem'; whereupon another lady threw out remarks on 'subjective interpretation', confessing her preference for a method purely 'objective'.
Her owner said a good show dog is only half of the two-member team of animal and handler.
It would be fine if being gay or trans was a choice, but the science shows that it isn't.
American kids don't learn enough.
Is God real?
"Whatever you do, don't buy that book." "What? Who are you?" "I'm you from the future."
Is it OK to kiss your cat when you have COVID?
Elite gymnastics is uncommon in this part of the world, and is dwarfed in popularity by sports like soccer, rugby and cricket.
Regional autonomy was a key driver of the Spanish Civil War—Franco and the nationalist army opposed the left-wing Republican government’s extension of autonomy to Catalonia and the Basques.
Toki Pona existed for a long time before The Language of Good came out.
Ideas are material.
They put a catheter in Tom.
I have COVID, so I'm likely to spend a lot of today sleeping.
Rock is alive in the sense that jazz is still alive, and dead in the sense that jazz is dead.
You aren't getting any younger.
Menstruation, or period, is normal vaginal bleeding that occurs as part of a woman's monthly cycle.
Streptococcus is a common bacteria found on the skin and in the nose, even in healthy people. But it can also cause acute respiratory illness, sinusitis, some ear infections and pneumonia.
A tea taster from India’s lush, tea-growing region in Assam is happy that many of these places are pushing premium teas.
She yearned to create an academy similar to the one in Morocco so she could help young golfers and grow the sport on her home turf.
From the 1920s until his death in 1977, this Englishman based in South Africa lugged his equipment throughout sub-Saharan Africa with one mission—to record as much of the indigenous African music he loved as possible.
The mestiza girls are, as a rule, often of wonderful beauty.
Vampire bats are the only mammals that are hematophagous, meaning that they subsist entirely on the blood of other animals.
It is to the red corpuscles, or erythrocytes which number about 5,000,000 to the cubic millimeter of blood, that the color of the blood is due.
The brainwashed child spouted homophobic rhetoric on stage.
Tom hasn't eaten all day, so he's a little hangry.
The mind is material.
I have mild COVID.
I'm young and healthy.
We're all just matter.
I hardly know the guy.
Ideas are mental constructs.
An idea is a concept.
Sex is great.
Can you come pick me up at the grocery store on Park Street?
We aren't getting any younger.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, but only transformed.
That's an albatross off my neck.
I know I'm silly.
If ideas could be isolated in the brain, would they look the same from one brain to another?
I'd love to go back to Australia some day.
A Catholic priest is called a "galech" in Yiddish, which comes from the Hebrew word for "shave."
I can understand the narrator really well.
Some would say that "matter" is a mental construct we created to describe some of the things we perceive and interact with.
You can't get something from nothing.
I chuckled at that one.
The event decorator said hotels now make greater efforts to attract Hindu weddings, even bringing in outside experts in Indian cuisine and culture.
I wasn't being entirely truthful.
I'd love to go back to Boston some day.
Humans are in the process of evolving bipedalism, but haven't arrived there yet, as evidenced by our numerous back problems.
I love the narrator's accent.
The claim that the word "Yiddish" is "pervasive" in the corpus is laughable.
Most patients can be rehydrated quickly by drinking large amounts of oral rehydration salts.
Sofia sent me a 2-hour documentary on Paraguay in Spanish.
I miss my friend Tom.
I envy Tom's ability to just move to another country whenever he wants, without having to worry about medications, doctors, etc..
I'd love to go back there some day.
The Secretary General of Amnesty International called the detainment a violation of national and international law.
Using the space agency's X-ray telescope, the researchers saw two arcs of gas with a thin layer of relatively cool hydrogen gas.
The Milky Way is the spiral galaxy we live in and is one of billions of such vast pinwheel-like formations scattered throughout the universe, each containing hundreds of billions of stars.
The tombs belonged to a senior statesman, a priest, a prince, and two noblewomen, with only remnants left of their coffins and mummies.
Going to the island, which is part of India’s Andaman and Nicobar archipelago, is illegal and all efforts to study the Sentinelese have been made from a distance.
Tom's influence reaches everywhere.
Tom has been manipulating all of us.
I had a good laugh at that one.
Not everything contained in the Talmud is accepted as Jewish law, owing to the nature of the work as recording the divergent opinions of many scholars.
God is real.
Some say this is progress that is reaping economic and cultural benefits for citizens from both countries, while others are much more skeptical.
The 2010 ruling marked the first time a court had ruled on whether an ISP could be held responsible for copyright violations by its users.
A herpetologist from the Australian Museum Research Institute is credited with finding a giant, bright green flying frog—a discovery she calls unexpected.
The federally sponsored National Horticulture Mission also offers assistance to the farmers with money, organic production facilities and improved seeds.
The WHO says it will be providing medical equipment, such as forceps, stethoscopes, and infant scales along with other medicines, including antibiotics, to treat up to 1500 people.
The House of Mothers here consists of a clean, one-story building in the regional hospital's compound, just a few paces from the maternity ward.
A new study shows small-scale irrigation systems could boost farmers’ incomes by billions of dollars in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia.
Earlier this year, the World Bank reported that seventy-five percent of the world’s poor are “unbanked.”
As the vast Indian plains sizzle during the summer months, the picturesque hill resort of Shimla turns into a tourist haven.
I stopped believing in God when I was homeless.
Tom has had a hand in all of this.
I expect the U.S. to be hypocritical, and am not surprised when it happens.
Drugs are vilified for the problems of prohibition.
There's more to life than staying sober.
Middle-aged people who want to marry 16-year-olds are just trying to find a naive person who won't notice all the ways they're terrible until much later.
A beloved meeting spot for generations of New Yorkers, the hotel clock has recently undergone a meticulous restoration and is on view at the New York Historical Society.
If it's working for you, keep doing it.
Ladino is a sister language of Spanish.
Belief in God has nothing to do with staying sober.
I haven't done meth in years.
It's a good cause that some bad people support.
The first attempt to fire up the Large Hadron Collider failed, so the second, successful attempt was greeted with a palpable sense of relief and even giddiness from the many physicists who have labored for more than two decades to get this 10-billion-dollar experiment underway.
Children aren't property.
I will have order in this courtroom!
Cookie is lying on my chest.
I'm pretty sure it's Tom who keeps farting.
What evidence of this do you have?
The arboretum includes more than 450 azaleas for landscaping, but also trees like maples, American elms, and hemlocks.
If you want peace, plan for war.
Order in the court!
Cops lie.
I am not broken!
Tom's just a fuckboy.
The dictator had statues of himself built.
Environmental groups are hailing the decision by delegates at a U.N. conference to curb the international trade of mahogany, the most valuable hardwood species in the Amazon basin.
The landscapes were green and treed and dotted with cows.
Simple bandages are usually seen as the first line of attack in healing small to moderate wounds and burns.
They fear the balance of power between the state and individuals has been upended and bewail governments navigating the pandemic with what they argue has been heavy-handed state coercion.
It's all grammar nazis up in here.
Much of the work is on the emotions and other dimensions of the human being—spiritual, physical, and intellectual—that can be inhibited by unwholesome attitudes or repressive social conventions.
This fisheries biologist learned lots of things in graduate school, but how to get a newly-captured seabird to barf in a bucket was not one of them.
The Super Eagles lead their qualifying group with four points from two matches, and are the favourites to advance to the finals in Tunisia.
The worldwide Masonic movement claims an estimated 4.5 million members, with lodges, or chapters, in almost every country in the world.
She says Pentecostal churches provide opportunities for leadership and instill discipline, helping people improve their prospects in a complex economy.
The report says women lose out on social pension schemes, because their unpaid work as homemakers or volunteers is not considered.
The photos show the oldest terrain spotted on Pluto, which is heavily cratered, as well as newer terrain characterized by icy plains.
A number of studies in people have investigated the health effects of flaxseed and flaxseed oil, particularly how flaxseed may affect heart and blood vessel diseases, type 2 diabetes, and menopausal symptoms.
Since then envy, jealousy, anger, on one side, and conceit, pride, and contempt on the other have widened the breach, while Love has stood with tearful eyes looking on at the sad and unnatural estrangement.
The country's police force is undermanned and ill-prepared to take on the gangs.
Though extreme weather events and other emergencies are growing, the U.N. Office for Disaster Risk Reduction says little money is being allocated to help countries prevent or reduce risks.
That's a bad thing.
I'm going to allow this for now.
I am not broken! Oh wait, yes I am.
Why would you pack a box full of hornets?
I'm going to make some pumpkin soup.
They said they wanted to create a new American-Muslim superheroine for a young adult audience and they were going to give her, her own ongoing monthly comic book series.
Just like Sunday in the 100, he outran his American rival to claim his fourth consecutive world 200 meters title.
Wreckage was floating here and there, mute evidence of disasters that had occurred, perhaps close at hand, perhaps thousands of miles away.
Yellow fever is a viral disease affecting the liver and kidneys, causing high fever and a yellowing of the skin and eyes.
The best thing for a mediocre or past-their-prime comedian's career is to pretend to be "canceled."
The tall, dark and classically handsome actor was the epitome of urbane sophistication.
"Bisexual means two sexes." "Then September must be the seventh month."
That's a spicy one.
How would you pack a box full of hornets?
We don't have a quorum.
I need to get a pumpkin.
Some products may not have the scalability or the demand here in this country.
With stock indexes soaring in recent weeks to all-time highs, some experts concluded the country's households had recouped nearly all of the lost wealth.
Augustine was born at Thagaste, a city of Numidia, in the year 354.
The accused says he is the victim of political machinations to prevent him from running in the next presidential election.
At the turn of the century, he had ascended to the vice-presidency of his father's company, and his stained glass windows, ornate lamps, furniture, glasswork and jewelry were making him one of the most successful decorative artists of his time.
He admits he mistreats her every time he's drunk.
The article noted that 13,000 years ago, at the end of the Pleistocene geological era, the North American prairie teemed with big vertebrates such as woolly mammoths, five species of horses and an early version of the cheetah.
You can tell it's Western by the dualism.
Sexuality would be private if not for homophobia.
If straight people can tell kids they're married to someone of the opposite sex, of course gay people can tell kids they're married to someone of the same sex.
If straight people can kiss in public, of course gay people can.
Cookie's a heckin' chonker.
It's still September.
Voting took place at more than 7,000 polling stations across the country, including former rebel bastions where voting did not take place in 2016.
Purchase a large Halloween costume for your Mastiff or a small one for your Chihuahua.
The traditional elements are all in place—including the Seder plate which holds unleavened bread, green vegetables, bitter herbs and a shank bone.
Near these scarabs there was a case in which had been thrown three heavy gold rings, their bezels engraved with hieroglyphics, which had doubtless been worn on the dry, yellow fingers of imperious Pharaohs.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, better known as ALS, is a rare but devastating neuromuscular condition with no known cure which is nearly always fatal.
The U.N. Secretary-General also addressed the conference and warned of dual threats of rising food and energy prices disproportionally hitting the poorest nations.
They say snitches looking for reward money often finger innocent people.
The Minotaur was a monster shaped half like a man and half like a bull, confined in the labyrinth built by Daedalus for Minos, and given a periodic tribute of youths and maidens as food until killed by Theseus.
When the time came for her to go on, however, Lillian forgot her stage fright and made her first entrance with the air of a seasoned trouper.
Seizures that occur during the course of a high fever, known as febrile seizures, affect 3 to 4 percent of all children.
Joseph Roberts, a man who was held up as an example of "the excesses of #MeToo" because he was barred from a campus for harassing women online and in person, has been charged with murdering and dismembering his girlfriend.
I need more sugar.
I gave Cookie some pumpkin; hopefully it'll un-constipate him.
Cookie was sleeping on me when I woke up.
I have to turn in some paperwork.
You may ask one question.
Cats always need to have a choice.
Could a cat kill an adult turkey?
When will Henry Kissinger die?
You may ask only one question.
You are who you are in spite of the abuse, not because of it.
The giant panda matriarch came out of her den to find a slushy ice cake made with applesauce and filled with chunks of apples, carrots and yams.
The U.S. swimming juggernaut is looking forward to a lot more time with his family and on the golf course after he announced his retirement from professional swimming Monday.
The researcher says other factors besides age may affect the rate at which veins stiffen.
The European Space Agency and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency’s joint mission recently made its first of six flybys of Mercury.
The clinic, which treats 1,600 of the city's roughly 20,000 uninsured, is funded mostly by foundations and private donors.
During the 1950s and '60s, tens of thousands of Sephardic Jews from North Africa immigrated here. They were more traditional than many of France's Ashkenazi Jews.
South Africa’s nearly 700,000 high-schoolers had been eagerly awaiting this week’s announcement of their matriculation exam grades—scores used by universities to determine which program of study a student is admitted to.
The Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem, where Jews had been living for a thousand years, was ethnically cleansed by Jordan in 1948.
One guard always tells lies, and the other always tells the truth.
You can remember the taxonomic hierarchy with the mnemonic, "Dear Ken, please come over for gay sex."
Tom found God when he was homeless; I stopped believing in God when I was.
Are seals intelligent?
Sport utility vehicles don't have much to do with sports, except that they can lug bikes and other gear off-road through mud and snow.
Scald the milk, separate the eggs, and add the egg yolks mixed with the sugar.
Despite the vehement public opposition to the planned budget cuts, the parliament is expected to approve the plan.
The cowhouse and piggeries were very clean, and all the buildings were of excellent design and well-built.
Traffic gridlock, soaring property prices and the influx of migrant workers are putting pressure on the country's laidback lifestyle.
Daggers, swords, batons and pepper spray were also recovered in the raids at several locations.
The series became a huge hit and ran until 1966 and is still shown in reruns.
I love all the things you can do with potatoes.
"You have three wishes." "I wish for unlimited wishes."
What did you season it with?
India has a long, rich history.
He's smart in some ways and dumb in others, like everyone.
The physicists had shown that the alpha particles falling on a screen of phosphorescent zinc sulphide produced a number of scintillations.
A few years ago, the company made a “clear beer” until it discovered people prefer a rich, caramel color and a frothy head on their beers.
In the 50 years since they became the first to climb Mount Everest, about 1,200 people have followed them to world's highest point. One third of those climbers have been Sherpas, ethnic Nepalis who have lived in the shadow of Mount Everest for centuries.
On that day the King received me in an entirely unceremonious manner, and the letter was presented.
I've known Tom since he was this high.
Cookie is sleeping in an inconvenient spot.
Did you get ketchup?
I love that Cajun seasoning.
Potatoes are so versatile.
We need to get vegan sour cream.
It's easy to make potato wedges.
They'll be here later.
Of course I'm out of touch; I'm almost 40.
Children do not belong to anyone.
You support your country's allies and oppose your country's enemies in every situation, so even when you're right, it's by accident.
In 1944, several groups of people claimed they spotted a creature with the head of a dinosaur, pronounced jaws, camel-like humps and skin similar to a shell.
The Foreign Minister, who presided over this week's talks, tried to keep an upbeat tone during the meetings.
Our shrimp is a traditional South Indian style shrimp, and we marinate it with turmeric, ginger, shallots and green chilies.
The multiverse—also called the meta-universe or metaverse—is a theory that suggests the universe is actually a series of multiple or alternative universes, with our own universe being just one of many.
India’s prime minister met with U.S. and Indian students at the National Science Foundation to underscore these ties.
The theory suggests that the disk of dust swirling around a star, a remnant of that star's formation, merges through gravity.
The redesigned banknote went into circulation on Thursday, but may take some time to show up everywhere.
The artifacts included statues and pieces made of bronze and terracotta.
By studying the gravitational wave signal, the team discerned this ripple in the cosmic fabric was likely created by the merger or collision of two black holes, about 85 and 66 times the mass of the sun, respectively.
The Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy travels the world, championing the causes of women, opening schools and clinics, establishing English-language classes, and communicating with international media.
He says, however, that dryness is expected in many parts of southern Africa including South Africa, Zimbabwe, southern Mozambique, western Botswana and northern Namibia.
Livestock overgrazing can lead to outbreaks of ravenous locusts, according to a new study.
Tom grew up in a housing project.
There is promising news for people with peanut allergies: researchers at a U.S. university have found a way to alter the nuts to make them hypoallergenic.
If you're against war in Ukraine, you should take it up with Vladimir Putin.
Not everyone deserves good things, but you've never done anything bad enough not to deserve them.
You don't hate Mondays; you hate capitalism.
If you don't have a billion dollars, you aren't capable of being that evil.
Things don't have to be like this.
Tom lives in a housing project.
There's still a pandemic.
I know you're capable of honesty.
You can stop doing this.
Only mammals like us—with our highly developed brains, our opposable thumbs and our urge to collect, understand and display—could have put together an exhibit as fascinating and varied as the "Extreme Mammals" show.
The play was written in 1994 by an American playwright and activist, after she interviewed women of different ages, races and sexualities.
One old remedy that came back in vogue with COVID-19 was convalescent plasma, a blood product from patients who have recovered from the disease.
For several weeks, scientists exposed a group of rats to cocaine, an alkaloid derived from the coca plant that's used widely—and illegally—as a drug.
It is similar to some octopi that live in shallow water, but this one was found more than 4,000 meters below the surface.
The election may recast how Japan views itself and its relations with the international community.
A bulldozer lifts part of a statue of king Ramses II found in northern Cairo, Egypt.
Terror seized me by the throat.
Tom seized me by the throat.
You're no match for me.
Pink from the sun, unshowered and barefoot, the 17 teenage girls scarfed down fried chicken sandwiches after seven days at sea.
Somewhere in the far future a diabolical brain plotted the enslavement of mankind.
Their massive footprints help fill in a gap in the evolutionary history of these behemoths.
There were expressions of revulsion at what happened and sympathy expressed for the victims and their families.
It's the oldest tree seedling nursery run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Forest Service.
I dropped my phone on my face.
Only one plan for implementing communism has ever been tried, and it was one that communist thinkers of the time, such as Rosa Luxemburg, viewed as doomed from the start.
Don't you hate stuff like that?
You don't have to do this every day.
No god is coming to save us.
Police say 30 people have been arrested, including the suspected ringleader.
In Greenland, indigenous people who traditionally have used dog sledges to navigate the ice, now have to use boats to reach their traditional hunting grounds.
Is a dry cough a symptom of COVID?
Was that really your first time?
I'm not betting on things getting better.
The body will die, but the soul never existed.
We're the only people who can fix this mess.
In a heat exchanger, the molten salt turns water into steam for turbines that turn electrical generators.
When there are no tourists, the Lao boatman just fishes in the area to feed his family.
The usual gaggle of tourists and fans are sitting on park benches, some in contemplation, others in song.
There are others who both see and feel, to whom the simplest object in its suggestiveness may be full of beauty.
There is, besides, something in the appearance and bearing of a midwife upon those occasions which diffuses a spirit of buoyancy and light-heartedness not only through the immediate family, but also through all who may happen to participate in the ceremony, or partake of the good cheer.
Contemporaneously with this era, and following on through the seventeenth century, came the measurements of the earth by French geodesists, the construction of greater and greater telescopes and the wonderful discoveries with them.
Syncopation is the union, or the perception of the union, of two or more rhythmic patterns.
In Britain it is the final day of campaigning before voters go to the polls Thursday and it's the tightest election the country has seen in decades.
Pteranodons glided across the sky while hadrosaurs, iguanodonts, and triceratops grazed in the forests.
The current reexamination of 300,000 invalidated ballots is almost complete.
His life story is, in point of fact, vastly more complex and many-sided than the following handful of unpretentious and unoriginal pages suggest.
"Unhand me, woman," said Peter, but she immediately took his arm again.
The once-esoteric Thucydides is now regularly name-dropped in geopolitical circles.
Tom is a notorious liar.
Conservatives know the real reason kids are taught about LGBTQ issues is so they won't grow up to hate us and be violent towards us. This is what they're really against, but they would look like monsters if they admit it, so they play to old homophobic canards and call us "groomers."
It was in October or November of 2003.
We got some Carolina Reaper seeds.
It's not the weekend.
The first issue (Summer 1997) was devoted to population studies of genetic disease in the Ashkenazim, a group that includes over 90% of American Jews.
These tribes are of Mongoloid and Negrito origin, and some are believed to have traveled to the Andaman Islands from Africa some 60,000 years ago.
On today's maps, there are plenty of wannabe countries that are struggling for recognition.
The rest was sweet indeed to his exhausted and overworn frame, and he did not go far away from his fire.
Florida taxpayers are paying for Ron DeSantis's legal fees in his feud with Disney.
Ron DeSantis's dickwaving contest with Disney has cost Florida taxpayers millions of dollars.
I wouldn't trust that website, it doesn't seem very kosher.
How do you say "quorum" in Latin?
Should we wait for Tom and Mary?
Why are you so silly?
I ate a tempeh, lettuce, and tomato sandwich with vegan mayo.
Sane people are more likely to be violent towards mentally ill people than the other way around.
Put the fan in the window.
Can you wait until I'm up?
The middle class is disappearing.
Turn the A/C on.
Tabby cats exhibit the typical fur pattern of their wild ancestor.
The number of people identifying as left-handed increased when stigma against left-handed people decreased.
Hunger, however, was ever on hand; then he had to become a marauder; dig some potatoes, and cook them in a corner of a wood, or pilfer the orchards.
Charter schools are a grift.
Breast cancer survivors facing the disease a second time are more likely to live longer if they get psychological counseling.
As the presiding deity over agriculture, he was styled Sylvanus, whilst in his character as guardian of the state, he bore the name of Quirinus.
I resent your implication that I am engaged to you only because of your money.
He drew from his pocket a square of cardboard and affixed it to the board with a thumbtack.
They complained of the hurry of modern life, which they contrasted with the calm existence of those whom they called "the pure men of old."
A small boy with close-cropped brown head and dark eager eyes was drumming with his fingers on the windowpane.
In an archival interview, he was careful not to overrate his success or appear arrogant.
She was a woman who liked to domineer and feel her power, and as she looked at Sara's pale little steadfast face and heard her proud little voice, she quite felt as if her might was being set at naught.
In 1746, she discovered that potatoes could be turned into something similar to flour. This required boiling, mashing and drying the potatoes.
Even in the face of that uncontestable evidence she found it difficult to believe that he was a reincarnated spirit dating back two hundred years, until he asked her who she thought he had been.
The four-day conference gave those engaged in research on elephants, mammoths, mastodons and related fauna of the Pleistocene and Holocene epochs the opportunity to gather and explore the relevance of their prehistoric research in today's world.
According to the paleozoologist, there are two types of mycorrhizal symbiosis. In endomycorrhizae, the most common form, the fungi live symbiotically within the roots of a tree.
'I never can get a word in edgeways when I'm with you,' she returned. 'You're such a chatterbox.'
Despite the hype and the celebratory hugs, the stock's performance on day one proved underwhelming.
Originally discovered in 2009, further observations by the scientists using a space telescope have revealed the water world is entirely enshrouded by a thick, steamy atmosphere.
I'm going to fine you for disobeying the laws of punctuation.
The wait list for transgender healthcare in the United Kingdom is artificially long, the result of policy carefully crafted to kill as many trans people as possible.
Only one other migration on Earth is as concentrated and wondrous, local scientists say. That is the wildebeest migration in Africa.
Their parents say it is saddening to watch their children grow up without an education.
The fact that he doesn't get the opportunity to ban me from this country and now he has to call me a congresswoman, I'm sure pisses him off, but he'll eventually get used to it.
The Yakuza acts globally and has relationships with criminal affiliates in Asia, Europe, and the Americas.
The U.N. says the day is meant to promote the idea that menstruation is a biological process so girls and women can menstruate without fear or shame, and without being exposed to greater vulnerability.
A self-confessed chocoholic, he loves to cook; and after watching a show on chocolate making, he spent two years studying and experimenting with techniques and flavors until he perfected his method.
While observers point out Western politicians have been raising the issue less vocally in recent weeks, it seems to reflect a change in tone, not policy.
Take the fan out of the window.
Life is impermanent.
Everything in life is fleeting.
Eating the rich is vegan.
It's offensive.
The Newtonian law of gravitation afforded a complete explanation of the rise and fall of the waters of the oceans, but as applied to the motions of planets and satellites by the Lagrangian formulae, it presupposed that all these bodies are rigid and unyielding.
There is Philoctetes, the Spartan, a grim, black-bearded man in the prime of life, who won the dolichos at the last Olympiad.
During the third reading, students should highlight any differences between life in 1890 and today in the other colored highlighter.
He looked at her imploringly, but her face was turned away, and she was trailing one white ungloved hand idly through the blue water.
No boy or girl can learn too early in life the value of time and the opportunities within reach of the humblest children of the twentieth century to enable them to make of themselves noble men and women.
An aerospace engineer by training, he had been working in Germany for nearly two decades when the then-president convinced him to come back home in 1974 and lead an effort to industrialize Indonesia's economy.
The capsule docked with the orbiting space station early Saturday, according to the U.S. space agency, after launching Friday from the space center in Florida.
In the chariot of Achilles he mounted, and Automedon, best and bravest of charioteers, took the reins.
People like Tom see the truth as a means to an end to be deployed whenever lies are unnecessary.
"You're a mockery of God's creation." "God doesn't exist."
Her writers won't come back because she broke the strike.
Tom relapsed again.
Channers should be quarantined from the rest of the Internet.
South Africa's foremost wine connoisseur strolls through the cool, musty interior of the wine cellar he manages in Johannesburg.
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights said the militants are deceiving their followers with Nazi-like chauvinistic lies.
Medical authorities in Cameroon marked World Blood Donor Day on Monday with continued pleas for blood donors, after a dramatic drop in donations over the past year.
As in other cities, some protesters are calling for the police to be defunded.
The fast-food chain is adding french fries drizzled with chocolate sauce to its menu in Japan.
I think we had a total of twenty-four inspectors on stakeout in private cars that night.
Agnosia is a neurological disorder characterized by an inability to recognize and identify objects or persons using one or more of the senses.
He is perceived to be a bit of a wildcard and someone that they do not know whether or not they can rely on.
These visitors preferably occupied the bodies of lizards, which explains the abhorrence in which these reptiles were held by the Maori, who, though they revered and prayed to their ancestors, were terribly afraid of meeting their pale ghosts, or transmigrated souls.
The bishop played a prominent role in the community, promoting education, advocating for prison reform, and ministering to epidemic victims.
She is the executive director of a nonprofit organization that works with local lobstermen to remove abandoned fishing gear from the ocean.
Your skin serves as one of the first lines of defense against illness and injury. Its health depends on the balance between your own cells and the millions of microbes—including bacteria, fungi, and viruses—that live on its surface. But during an average day, parts of your skin may brush surfaces in stores, elevators, and restrooms; get nicked by a kitchen knife; be washed with rain; rest on a gym mat; and be slobbered on by a dog.
I didn't used to appreciate the gift of life.
Joe Arpaio was bullied as a child for having Italian immigrant parents.
The human spirit can do what God won't.
Children belong to themselves.
Capitalism does not allow everyone to succeed; it requires an underclass.
Cryptocurrency is a pyramid scheme.
Blockchain is a massive drain on computing and energy resources that provides no benefit to society.
Some people make money off of pyramid schemes.
Capitalism doesn't provide unlimited opportunity to an unlimited number of people.
If everyone got rich under capitalism, the system would cease to function.
It's noise pollution.
"Life is a gift God gave you." "No, it was my parents who gave me it."
They're cute as all hell.
Charter schools get paid taxpayer money to deliver worse results than public schools.
Tom has schizophrenia.
The fountain was in a grotto-like nook, where benches of cement decked with scallop shells were set round a basin with the figures of two small boys in it bestriding that of a lamb, all employed in letting the water dribble from their mouths.
To decypher the ancient inscriptions in this simple character, found upon rocks and monuments, is an object, at this day, of learned research; and its importance may be judged of by observing, that, whenever successfully effected, it is a literal restoration, to the present age, of the lost sounds of those parts of the ancient world.
She presents a mix of current hits from Zim, Mali, Nigeria, DRC, Somalia, Kenya and Tanzania, plus two oldies from her vinyl 45 collection from South Africa and Cameroon.
A study looks at how preconceived notions, along with the appearance of a politician, can influence how you vote.
Besides herbs, often given as tea or a puree, special diets are recommended, as well as yoga and meditation, massage, and hot compresses on key parts of the body.
Certain jurisdictions, particularly in Europe, are considering regulations intended to address the issue of "overtourism," including by restricting access to city centers or popular tourist destinations or limiting accommodation offerings in surrounding areas, such as by restricting construction of new hotels or the renting of homes or apartments.
As the community continues recovering from a crucible of fire and flood over the past few years, it is taking baby steps toward addressing what has become a vexing problem for the iconic destination: overtourism.
The curvilinear roof gives beauty to the design as well as affording more head room inside than the ordinary straight rafter.
I do not have the bandwidth to talk to you right now.
The cable is expected to carry up to 160 terabits of bandwidth per second, about 16 million times the bandwidth of a U.S. home internet connection.
Built on a narrow strip along the sea, the city’s low-lying areas where millions of poor people live in shanties, and the city’s southern tip, home to glitzy office towers, the stock exchange and legislature, are especially vulnerable, according to climate scientists.
Europe is devising a strategy to prevent water-borne diseases.
Tom's a cuckold.
The role of Tom Jackson was recast.
The baroness cuckolded the baron.
Socrates was sentenced to death by drinking an infusion of poison hemlock.
A rotund individual named Tom was here looking for you.
Tom and the other men are on the porch, gossiping.
Rumor has it Tom's a cuckold.
While these biofuels have been touted as a cleaner alternative to fossil fuels, more environmental groups want the investment curbed—warning that biofuels are causing more harm than good.
Officials say these preliminary suppositions are based upon forensic and circumstantial evidence, as well as intelligence analysis.
A new study has found that people recovering from colon cancer significantly increase their risk of recurrence or death by eating a so-called Western diet, high in fat and processed foods.
The grand new space in a restored 1920s building a few blocks north is the city's bid to make New York a destination for “nuptial tourists” from all over the world.
The U.S. expansion of natural gas could be blunted in the years ahead if environmental studies show significant harm from the fracking practice.
Muscle atrophy, as it's also known, is a common result of starvation and a number of very serious diseases, including cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
The amount of solar matter Genesis will collect is infinitesimal—just 10 to 20 millionths of a gram of matter, the weight of a few grains of sand.
Sea lions and dolphins are being sickened by toxic algae off the coast of California, where hundreds of animals have washed ashore.
According to this ear, nose, and throat specialist, some migraines occur when the bones in the nasal cavity press on the septum, the wall that divides the nasal cavity.
There also were all kinds of other coins used as money: French crowns, Spanish doubloons, European ducats.
A study of rats suggests attentive and nurturing mothering permanently alters genetic activity in the brain, leaving young rats better able to resist the temptation of drugs later in life.
"Life is a gift God gave you." "No, it was my parents who gave me it." "Yes, but who gave it to the first human?" "An australopithecine."
I don't think I've ever been confused for Mary.
That's just what they want you to think.
Flies eat poop.
Tom's got a bad case of bipolar disorder.
Grafting can join scions with desirable qualities to rootstock that is strong and resists disease and insects.
A city council member is trying to expand the commission’s powers, but he said he would need to understand the details of what it means to defund the police.
Now illegal in many countries, cockfighting continues in rural areas.
Foam fights are chaotic. He uses his sword and shield to protect comrades carrying pikes, spears and bows.
They are 173 items of jewelry reported to be among the world's most exquisite and expensive royal collections. They belonged to a fabulously wealthy dynasty that had ruled over parts of Southern India's Deccan Plateau for seven generations, from 1724 to 1948.
A cockroach that glows in the dark, a black fungus that's ruining prehistoric cave art and a frog smaller than a child's fingernail. These are three in a top-ten list of newly discovered species for 2012.
Tom has generalized anxiety disorder.
They're lying to you about that.
The letter J didn't exist in Latin.
That's a pretty hot take.
Singular "they" in English is older than singular "you."
More people lose money on cryptocurrency than win money.
I have Crohn's disease.
Sorry, Cookie. I didn't mean to do that.
Tom is a beat cop.
The place stunk of stale beer.
"Jesus said to turn the other cheek." "Yeah, and how'd that work out for him?"
You never stop learning about dinosaurs.
I have leprosy.
They let you out, eh?
We continue to encourage the inclusion of women and the youth, and politically marginalised groups, including persons with disabilities.
Nearly 400 of the world's 500 largest companies outsource some work to India—and a large chunk of this comes from U.S. clients.
Such projects have turned arid plains into fertile farmland, which has quadrupled agricultural production.
Among the project’s early adopters is the Pacific Island nation of Palau. The country has one of the richest fishing grounds in the world, one that it wants to protect.
Many upperclassmen have taken to social media to advise new college students.
Netanyahu told Gazans to flee. How are they supposed to do that?
He effected a revolution in music, and revolutionists must have daring; and save in music he showed no sign of unusual daring.
Aspirin, for example, was derived in the 19th century from salicylic acid, a long-time remedy for pains and fever found in plants like willow and meadowsweet.
The feeling of desolation entered my heart; I sorrowed in tears, and life almost became a weariness.
Shampooing every day can be drying to your hair and scalp.
I have thyroid cancer.
We need to get a bidet.
I don't think you want to know the answer to that question.
Why is Tom wearing a skullcap?
I thought Tom Jackson was just a tall tale.
The magnificent octagonal Baptistery is said to have been originally a Temple of Apollo, and the eight monolithic columns that support the modern cupola are of the Roman period.
In 2019, the senator held more than 550 scheduled news media interviews as well as many other impromptu press gaggles.
The theory that dinosaurs and birds share an evolutionary link just got stronger as scientists have discovered that a bird-like dinosaur may have incubated its eggs much like a brooding chicken.
Ayn Rand took welfare when she got old, because she realized she was human and needed it.
The town, once peaceful and flourishing, now seedy and sad, is ruled by a ruthless businessman.
Hominins are the most LGBT clade: they comprise Homo and Pan.
Why doesn't the EU ever cut aid off to Israel when it commits atrocities?
Why haven't decades of horrifying scenes of Palestinians being slaughtered caused these countries to review their funding of Israel?
Our course was diverted.
Traffic is being diverted onto Highway 7.
Rest your weary eyes.
Tom closed his weary eyes.
None of you are eligible for the prize.
Only citizens are eligible.
Are you calling my eligibility into question?
Am I eligible for the scholarship?
Tom is eligible for the job.
Your family is eligible for government benefits.
Anthropologist and journalist Akbar Ahmed, a former Pakistani ambassador to Great Britain, says such interfaith meetings need to take place not only at the level of heads of state but also among religious leaders at the community level.
Zimbabwe has moved 100 elephants from a congested conservancy in the south to another park near the border with Zambia.
They suspect the outbreak started in a Wuhan seafood market, which also sold other animals such as poultry, bats, marmots, and wild game meat.
One of the key components of empathy is what scientists call facial mimicry.
I don't see complete abstinence from drugs as an end in itself.
Once a wife beater, always a wife beater.
This is just a reminder of your appointment tomorrow at 2:30 with Dr. Jackson.
Is this what passes for piety?
At the eclipse of 1868, which the astronomers, aroused by the wonderful scene of 1842, and eager to test the powers of the newly invented spectroscope, flocked to India to witness, he conceived the idea of employing the spectroscope to render the solar prominences visible when there was no eclipse.
There was no ulterior motive, no lofty purpose, just the reporter’s idea of telling what he saw.
Sitting on the deck of the research vessel is a bubble-domed submersible that takes scientists down as deep as 900 meters to study the life on the ocean floor.
With his mandate diminished following his party's losses in congressional elections, analysts say any promise or reassurance the president makes to Asian partners will be met with skepticism.
Italian coastguard and navy vessels backed by aircraft rescued an estimated 150,000 people in one year alone.
The economist and statistician based in Ivory Coast says commercial trade in the region is primarily conducted with France.
In a 1983 survey, 40% of police officers admitted to abusing their spouses.
We are our brains.
It's a slow day.
Cookie is my favorite cat.
We have to go to Boston in a few days.
Swiss researchers have developed a machine that, they say, can keep human livers alive outside of the body for one week.
New devices such as night-vision scopes help the movie industry locate people who tape movies in theaters.
The importance of rhetoric in ancient education and public life is reflected in the wealth of rhetorical treatises composed by classical orators and teachers of oratory.
Muons are charged particles similar to electrons, and scientists say they are "highly penetrative."
Since launching their initiative in April, residents agree the district is much tidier.
The billionaire's nearly dozen casinos, attracting thousands of high rollers a month from around the region, have been generating two-thirds of Macao's tax revenues.
Mammography has been a standard screening technique for breast cancer since the mid-1970s.
I have to cancel our lesson today.
Tom sat on a tree stump.
Hey, wait a minute!
Thanks! I've been practicing.
You'll get a discount on your next order.
Wow, this place is a lot bigger than I was expecting it to be.
Just wait over there. I'll be back in a sec.
That old rug is filthy.
It's a punchline that sends every 12-year-old boy into a fit of giggles.
“Dear brother, I’ll do no such thing, I’m far too young for marrying.” “Then why so oft do I hear it said, that thou preparest thee to wed?”
About 2,000 people gathered on a chilly Sunday afternoon at the city's government center to decry the decision.
The event was hosted by the "Green Truck"—a bistro on wheels dedicated to operating in an environmentally sustainable manner—and selling food that's made that way, too.
They buy the rugs from the villagers and sell them to shops in Marrakesh and other tourist hubs.
Early Egyptian medical accounts, written on papyrus, indicate herbs dissolved into alcoholic beverages were being used as pain relievers, laxatives and even aphrodisiacs.
The 67-year-old realtor sees definite advantages to living in a space owned by someone else.
Based on available evidence, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has determined that the scientific evidence suggests that glucomannan can help reduce blood cholesterol.
Israel and Egypt keep Gazans imprisoned.
The possessive case of a singular or plural noun not ending in ess is formed by adding an apostrophe and ess.
But with hills in Kenya rising as high as 1,600 meters above sea level, cycling the countryside is anything but effortless.
After this, he successively coughed, sneezed, hiccuped, eructated, squeaked and whistled in the most harmonious manner that can be conceived.
This phenomenon known as "the Sun Orthogonality" occurs on the same two dates (Ramses II's birth on October 22, and his coronation day of February 22) each year, and tourists from around the world attend the event, some for sun-worshiping rituals and others for simply observing the phenomenon.
Oaks can host more than 500 different kinds of caterpillars—an amazing factoid that I just looked up.
With the site being uninhabited, many areas were only accessible via canoe or by cutting paths through the jungle with machetes.
Known for doing things on a vast scale, the art studio was founded in 1959 to extol the revolutionary virtues of North Korea and its ruling family.
Specifically, the Mission works with Tanzanians to fight HIV/AIDS and malaria, improve infrastructure, increase access to education, and promote economic development.
When the United States elected a climate doubter as president, some observers thought that Beijing would back away from action on climate change.
He arose and, going to a table, secured a tobacco pouch and a book of cigaret papers.
The space agency's mineralogist says this asteroid was unique because researchers can compare the data collected before it came down, with the recovered fragments.
All the coffee she had had had had no effect.
A cartoon depiction of a sad frog that has become a popular Internet "meme" is now considered a hate symbol.
It takes 18 months to grow, extract and produce only a small amount of the effective compound, according to a bioengineer at the U.N. International Center for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology in New Delhi.
If we can't come up with a lofty-enough title for you, we make you a "coordinator" of this or that so it looks spiffy on a business card.
The largest resurgent calderas are sometimes referred to as "supervolcanoes", especially in popular culture.
The study analyzes 200 cognates, or words with shared meanings and similar sounds, across 103 languages, including 20 that are now extinct.
But she soon grew weary of that occupation; she became careless in her reports, impatient and tetchy when reprimanded for her negligence.
A new study released in the journal Science explains why despite the rise of heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere, global warming has slowed over the last 15 years.
She is the first woman to coach a boys’ varsity team in Nevada.
The space shuttle Atlantis undocked from the International Space Station Sunday, after astronauts completed construction work on the station, and made preparations to return to Earth.
The roar increased, becoming almost deafening in the cabin despite its soundproofing.
The affected fish is apt to rest listlessly on the bottom, and a fungus (a white cottony growth) may appear on the body.
Just four kilometers from Mount Merapi's smoldering summit, a dozen Javanese elders gather to ask the mountain king for mercy.
There would be no difficulty in embellishing the exterior with suitable architectural enrichments, if it be desired, and I think that some improvement might be effected in the parapet of the tower.
Take what you have come for, and begone.
This was a matter of whether spending umpteen million dollars on a program like this was a smart thing to do.
The United States’ top environmental regulator this week announced a proposal to intensify an effort to reduce emissions of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), a highly potent greenhouse gas, in line with an international agreement the U.S. ratified in September.
Tuesday marked the final day of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations, marking the 60th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth II's accession to the throne.
The World Health Organization and the U.N. Children's Fund recommend that mothers breastfeed within the first hour after giving birth and continue until their children reach age 2, with supplemental food as they grow older.
Experts aren't sure what causes the prions to deform in the first place, or exactly how the disease spreads from sick animals to healthy ones.
He thanked the Norwegian parliament for unanimously ratifying the Paris agreement Wednesday, and predicted the U.S. Senate will soon follow that course.
At a whopping 530 kilometers in diameter, Vesta is the second most massive object in the asteroid belt, a vast region between the planets Mars and Jupiter that's filled with rocky debris of all sizes.
The massive explosion was detected in the Ophiuchus galaxy supercluster located about 390 million light-years from Earth.
A fishing guide at the national park since the age of nine, he proudly displays one of his favorite items—a small arrowhead he found as a boy at the national park.
Standing on a hilltop above this city that has seen so much misery and pain over the past 40 years, there is something peaceful, almost lyrical about launching a kite to the will of the wind.
However, the medical examiner says her autopsy indicates her brain functions were not recoverable.
On 1,000 hectares, the employees will be working full-time to cultivate and harvest vegetables irrigated by sprinklers rotating on 20 huge pivots.
LLC stands for limited liability company.
What can you infer from these observations?
What can you infer from Tom's conduct?
I inferred from the look on Tom's face that he was in a bad mood.
He has studied the wrecks of wooden-hulled ships from as far back as the Bronze Age in the Mediterranean region.
Tom has chiseled abs.
How do you use a chisel?
How do you use a chisel properly?
Tom was holding a hammer and a chisel.
Tom got into woodworking and bought a bunch of chisels.
Tree sap is sticky.
Leeches suck blood.
How much do stockbrokers make?
Tom has a tattoo on his forearm.
Check the archives.
I heard a loud thud.
Why didn't you text me?
Tom has track practice after school.
I heard nothing back from them.
Rebellious teenagers often threaten to run away from home.
We were in the same friend group.
Tom got made fun of for being short.
This all happened in sophomore year of high school.
Tom is really picky about grammar and spelling.
Have you been hanging out with Tom?
What time did school get out?
Get the most out of life.
I can't get a pulse.
Television and radio signals from Earth have only been traveling for about 80 years, the researchers said, adding that those transmissions have only reached about 8,531 stars and 3,555 potential Earth-like planets.
While apples, corn, and cranberries top the list of fall produce in the US, this is also the time to harvest gum, candy, and toothpaste—or at least the oil that makes them minty fresh.
Through their unholy alliance, the ambitious campaign manager and the morally compromised politician make their way to the top.
Cambodian Tailorbird (Orthotomus chaktomuk), a small, light and dark grey bird with an orange-red tuft, was described by scientists as "hiding in plain sight" in Cambodia’s capital Phnom Penh when first spotted in 2009.
A "serial stowaway" has been arrested again at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport just three days after she was released from jail after flying from the Midwest U.S. city to London without a ticket.
The proof came when genetic tests came back from a Harvard lab, confirming that the silver boa was in fact a different species that—just like Darwin's Finches on the Galápagos islands—had been evolving in isolation for several million years.
Why some cases are mild and others are severe has been something of a mystery that scientists in the U.S. and Nicaragua have now unraveled.
U.S. researchers say they have discovered a way to recharge batteries in a matter of seconds rather than hours, a discovery that could lead to smaller and lighter batteries for cell phones and other electronic devices.
Robonaut 2 was developed jointly by NASA and General Motors. Its hands are human-like, so they can grip items as human hands do. That is important because the components that need to be serviced in space — and the tools to service them — were developed with human hands in mind.
We may be a step closer to wiping polio off the face of the earth. The virus is a scourge that attacks children and causes lifelong paralysis, if not an early death.
The Central Asian nation holds four percent of the world’s gas reserves and has oilfields in the Caspian Sea.
They say corporate boards are questioning why they need to have staff working from expensive buildings when their white-collar employees have shown they can work productively from home by exploring the full potential of technology.
The Barbary macaques broke out of their enclosure at the Tatzmania wildlife park, police and local media said, about 140 kilometers southwest of Stuttgart, near the border with Switzerland.
These agreements came out of high-level Inter-Korean talks held Tuesday in Panmunjom, the so-called "peace village" straddling the border where the 1953 armistice that ended the fighting in the Korean War was signed.
Some flowers are actually shaped in a way that makes their nectar and pollen accessible only to hummingbirds and to only one species of the bird.
The exodus has left the region practically depopulated, with those remaining being primarily the elderly or people too sick to leave.
Months of lockdowns and pandemic restrictions are taking their toll on Europeans, with many chafing at the prolonged limitations on public life.
If the country’s first interplanetary foray is successful, India will become the first Asian country and the fourth worldwide to conduct a mission to the Red Planet.
Armado de Andres, who is with the United Nations' anti-narcotics office, says there are already little regional mafias cooperating with major South American and European cartels in smuggling drugs.
To the scientists, these impure diamonds are providing the first direct evidence that pockets of liquid water may exist as far as 800 kilometers into the layer of Earth called the mantle.
Bones that have been languishing in obscurity for nearly 80 years at a London museum may actually belong to the oldest known dinosaur.
Then, aided by his faithful friends Donkey (a talking donkey, of course) and the swashbuckling, debonair Puss-In-Boots, he rescued Princess Fiona from the fire-breathing dragon.
Material from space that makes it to earth can range from incredibly massive meteors to microscopic micrometeorites.
The silver scrolls, thought to date from the sixth century B.C., contain a version of a prayer called the Priestly Benediction, which Professor Zuckerman says is well known to Jews and Christians.
For $20,000 to $50,000, they purchased houses that would cost $200,000 in fancier parts of town.
Those comments have drawn the ire of police representatives, who accused the mayor of scape-goating, rather than defending, those who risk their lives to ensure public safety.
It is the first such deal the two countries have inked in more than 25 years and is seen as a breakthrough in addressing an issue that has cast a shadow on their otherwise close ties.
American consumers wishing to trade their old gas guzzlers for newer, more fuel efficient vehicles now have one more reason to buy.
Analysts expect more robust growth this year as rising incomes, falling interest rates and declining fuel prices pull more customers back to car showrooms.
The president’s supporters reacted with outrage and there were incidents of protesters scuffling with police.
He tendered his resignation June 23, the day after the story was published online, and Obama accepted the resignation later that day.
A major U.S. airline recently partnered with an American aerospace company to bring back supersonic air travel that they say will be quieter, more sustainable and less expensive than in the past.
She said that an effective air purifier can be put together for as little as $34. A better purifier, which has a stronger filter, would cost about $80.
Dogs are needy.
Your dogs are delightful.
Cookie started barking and the other dogs joined her.
We took a bus here.
He's in Thailand.
Some of Greene's views are influenced by high-minded modern philosophies including existentialism. But she is also grounded in the down-to-earth realities of New York City's schools, where she inspired the creation of the High School for Arts, Imagination and Inquiry in 2005.
Children hustled off to school, their voices echoing down the narrow streets and alleys.
Established in 1932, the architecture and design collection is the world's first curatorial department devoted to this category.
The central bank said Tuesday the currency depreciation was a deliberate policy in the face of dwindling oil revenues.
When it comes to dining out, the noisiness of a restaurant can ruin an otherwise good meal.
Ladsous said some of the peacekeepers would be redeployed from areas where security threat levels have decreased to potential flash points.
Italians aren't the only Europeans expressing frustration with financially ruinous and freedom-restricting curbs—nor are they alone in demanding to be unshackled, despite rising infections.
But when the federal government tried to ‘civilize’ tribal people, this sign language began to die out.
Three years ago, the professional artist turned her childhood home into a boutique mid-range hotel a few blocks from Bangkok’s Khaosan Road, another popular tourist haunt packed with bars and clubs that once throbbed with dance music into the early morning hours.
So, Italy’s streets are unpeopled—a contradiction of how life is lived in Italy, which, aside from the worst of the winter months, is pursued outside, on terraces with neighbors, and in the piazzas with friends.
Sometimes, parents consider the monogram that will be formed from their child’s name. A monogram is made with the first letter of each name.
From horizon to horizon, in every direction, blue-grey skies descend into a flat, grey, monochromatic landscape that is only disrupted by strong winds and cloud cover.
Weather forecasters described the storms as "large and extremely dangerous." The twisters picked up large trucks and slammed them to the ground. They also tore through residential neighborhoods, demolishing homes, smashing cars, and uprooting trees.
He says so far 43 retirees, from both the private sector and public service, have used the loans to start projects in carpentry, bricklaying, farming, and fishing.
Emeritus Professor Andrew Blakers at the university’s College of Engineering, Computing and Cybernetics told VOA the process involves transferring water between two reservoirs or lakes at different elevations.
In Los Angeles, a group of pensioners is preparing for the festive season in a very unique way. They are knitting warm scarves and hats for kids with disabilities in the city hospitals just in time for Christmas and New Year's.
In many cases, buyers did not understand that the low variable interest rates would eventually rise to higher levels, greatly increasing their monthly payments. That is part of the reason that home loan delinquencies and foreclosures are on the rise.
"Around the world it's a much more dangerous situation," added Mr. Allison, who says that disclosing acts of corruption is a central duty of the media. It is charged with keeping the public informed, even when revelations displease individuals who are caught in the glare of the light.
Loggerhead turtles in Australia nest on open beaches where the temperature of the sand must be between 25 and 33 degrees for their embryos to develop successfully.
The system is equipped with an ultraviolet lamp and a halogen lamp that produces near-infrared light. A spectrograph device can use the near-infrared light bouncing off an apple to show evidence of damage. The ultraviolet light can show contaminants.
Since the government signed an agreement with the United Nations to end the conscription of boys as young as 10, the army has released 472 children.
The mixture is distributed in a sachet, which provides the exact amount needed to meet a child's daily requirement of iron—all at a cost of three cents or less per day.
A former professional basketball player, he now coaches high school youngsters. He has seen them act disrespectfully toward cheerleaders and other women, and says he asks them how they would want to see their mother or sister treated.
In addition, wages for some auto workers in Mexico are likely to climb sharply, with the agreement decreeing that 40 to 45 percent of the auto content must be produced by workers earning $16 or more an hour.
During those months, Dorothy McKibben would greet and often befriend some of the great scientific minds of the 20th century—from promising young graduate students like Richard Feynman to illustrious nuclear pioneers like Enrico Fermi.
A new study led by researchers from the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution outlines the discovery of a previously unknown “supercolony” of more than 1.5 million Adélie penguins living on the Danger islands, off the northernmost tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
Ms. Wardlaw says while antenatal visits provide an opportunity to improve maternal and child health, that opportunity is too often missed.
Too much cortisol interferes with learning and memory. High cortisol levels also increase the risk of depression and mental health problems. Testosterone, on the other hand, is the hormone linked to assertiveness and confidence.
Herman Goossens, the study's lead author, says resistance to antibiotics can result from prescribing the drugs inappropriately, such as for viral infections. He says that can have serious health consequences for people infected with a bacteria that no longer responds to antibiotics.
In the so-called golden age of bathing, people of means flocked to bathhouse palaces for the pampering. Others went to bathhouses in remote mountain towns in the belief that their mineral-rich waters, bubbling from springs deep beneath the earth, offered curative powers. Treatments at bathhouse spas were said to cure everything from nervousness to gout to syphilis.
If a lobster is bearing eggs, for example, the lobsterman must notch a "V" mark on its second flipper with a knife, and throw the creature back.
Cricket fans across India are preparing to bid farewell to legendary batsman Sachin Tendulkar, who is retiring after an extraordinary 24-year career.
Virginia this year became the eighth state, and the first in the South, to require all electricity to come from renewable sources by 2050. Houston joined more than 160 cities committing to renewable energy. Ridesharing company Lyft said all vehicles in its service would be electric by 2030.
Boston-area farmer Jake Ferreira has brought her a cooler packed with fresh, prepared meals, along with baby arugula, pesto, asparagus with spring garlic, and homemade cheese.
Tom used to be a channer.
More than 50,000 Australian school children have taken part in the Together for Humanity program, a multi-faith non-profit organization. Its message is simple: workshops on religion and race aim to dispel myths and stereotypes at a time when minority groups face suspicion and mistrust.
While he notes that it takes four years to become a master plasterer, he says after six months apprentices could do some of the restoration work.
Mr. Thomas remembered that an airplane stewardess had served him a meal in a compartmentalized tray that kept the gravy on his mashed potatoes from sloshing over into his dessert.
I've been bored the last few days.
The biofuel is known as cellulosic ethanol, and if successful, supporters say it could provide an abundant source of energy while quieting critics who say the growth of the biofuel business has put a strain on food prices and the environment.
Europe is shivering through bitter cold as Christmas snow and ice has snarled traffic on German autobahns and piled up snowdrifts in several Eastern European countries.
Because of the gravity on Mars, spacesuits may have to be designed to be lighter than suits used in orbit or on the moon.
People used to buying cheap and unhealthy foods are relearning how to grocery shop by participating in store tours that encourage them to take a healthier approach to buying food.
Recently, American bicyclist Lance Armstrong won the Tour de France bicycle race for the seventh consecutive year.
Sea spiders are not arachnids, but close relatives of them.
In a video message, UNICEF Executive Director, Henrietta Fore expresses her dismay at the bloody cost of war that claims so many young lives, forces them to flee their homes and shatters their dreams for the future.
The plants known as bryophytes, more commonly known as mosses and liverworts, were left behind by retreating glaciers and are thought to be between 400 and 600 years old.
Amid speculation that the party is headed for a schism, participants at the meeting resolved to maintain the party's unity and integrity.
They say the labor market continues to improve, spending is rising, and inflation is rising closer to the modest 2 percent annual rate that experts say helps the economy grow predictably.
The mask is going through a testing phase, and researchers hope to add further functionality, such as alerting users if they inhale toxic substances.
Women here also are frustrated in their attempts to succeed in the workplace. They find themselves generally relegated to secretarial and other low-level posts.
He said his rival’s refusal to cede power has plunged the country into a humanitarian crisis.
Mr. Kay said fixing intelligence problems requires vision and an unswerving commitment to serving the nation beyond the political and policy interests of any one particular administration.
I finished another book.
Several universities, including most of the top schools in the U.S., have waived the testing requirement for standard entrance exams during the pandemic.
"Is it gay to like art?" "What?"
The Library of Congress in Washington D.C., has one of the world's largest collections of recorded sound, overseen by Sam Brylawski. He says many of those recordings are currently unplayable and no one knows what's on them.
A Chinese puppeteer entertains the crowd with the antics of his monkey on a bicycle at the Smithsonian Folklife Festival in Washington.
Like all modern airships, the new Zeppelin NT is filled with the inert gas helium, instead of the highly flammable hydrogen gas that doomed the Hindenburg. With its three propellers, it can fly at about 100 kilometers an hour with a good tailwind—and at a height of about 2,000 meters.
Some of the babies in the metal cribs here are emaciated, their wrinkly skin hanging off their tiny bones.
A team of Afghan teenage girls who were denied a visa to participate in a robotics contest in Washington say they will not be deterred and have sent their home-made robot to the contest.
It is up to 95 percent effective in curing uncomplicated malaria infections but, because it is derived from a plant, artemisinin is frequently in short supply, and expensive.
Eight national parks and 33 wildlife refuges along the Gulf of Mexico could be threatened by the oil spill, according to National Parks Director Jonathan Jarvis.
Constellations, or groups of stars that form shapes in the sky, usually represent a mythological person or creature or a nonliving object.
Well their lives became such an open book that even the smallest foible became magnified almost beyond recognition.
The Reverend King believed so firmly in the principles he espoused that he refused to strike back even when he was attacked, and he taught his children to do the same.
2014 Nobel Prize chemistry prizewinner, Eric Betzig has developed a new microscope that captures 3-D images of subcellular activity in real time.
Light bounces off each imperfection in the Polar Plateau, each wrinkle of snow and pinnacle of ice is set aglow.
He believes it’s better for us, neurologically and sociologically, to listen to diverse music, which is not what is offered by the commercial music business.
Also known as crypto-currency, the trading method has rapidly grown in popularity since the introduction of Bitcoin in 2009. There are over 500 different currencies with an estimated total market capitalization of over $3.7 billion dollars.
It's a hackneyed, tired word, almost on the level of a cliche, and if I had a student in my class who wrote that in a sentence, I would say no, you have to do better than that.
In experiments in a semi-arid region of Mali, in West Africa, the bait—in this case a blend of boric acid with guava and honey-melon fragrances—was applied using a hand sprayer on the vegetation near a cluster of man-made ponds.
We started our own nation on an artificial platform on the sea.
George W. Bush had a personal grudge against Saddam Hussein, and was eager to tie 9/11 to him from day one.
Tissaphernes betrayed the Greeks.
The claim that men evolved to hunt and women to gather is not supported by the evidence.
Cookie has a tick on her forehead.
Ticks are arachnids.
Ticks have to feed on blood in order to move onto each new stage of their life cycle.
Mites are a paraphyletic group.
I can understand why someone with celiac disease would eat this, but why would you?
Hong Kong Health Secretary Yeoh Eng-Kiong thanked the residents in Amoy Gardens for tolerating the quarantine, which will keep them housebound for at least 10 days.
Rafael endured some of the same trials and tribulations that climate refugees experience during their migration.
The research into migrating humpbacks was conducted about one kilometer off the coast of Queensland, north of the state capital, Brisbane.
Here, half a dozen workers are hustling to finish an order for blazers from one of the world's top fashion designers.
But some academics say politicians can overstate their influence over the economy.
New research concludes buffering people from financial shocks may help keep them from resorting to risky behaviors that spread the virus.
The changes made to the home include a visitors center, swimming pool, helipad and cattle enclosure.
The monovalent oral polio vaccine uses only the attenuated strain of type-one poliovirus and only immunizes against that strain of the disease.
The training process and his research into samurai history gives Cruise an admiration for Japanese culture and tradition.
Of course, there were dedicated reformers, ardent revolutionaries and hardened nationalists among them, too, and fearful governments tottering on the edge immediately accused them of causing all the trouble and of grasping at impossible theories of government or being manipulated by foreign enemies.
Armed with a chain saw, Panama City resident Johnny Gonzalez was sawing through as many fallen trees as it takes to clear roadways and driveways.
The mosquito that carries the Zika virus lays its eggs in old tires, water cisterns, bottle caps—any place where there's a drop or two of water.
Night after night, for two years, in a secret alcove on a bridge connecting Delancey Street in lower Manhattan with Brooklyn, Rollins, then 29, practiced the fundamentals of his saxophone.
The Geneva Conventions were written at a time when most countries had conscription, but they still distinguished combatants from non-combatants.
NASA is set to land an exploratory vehicle on the planet Mars early Monday morning.
Dogs aren't very smart.
Amateur folklorist Si Matta focuses on gathering the stories of his ancestors from the Cascade (Watlala) Indian tribe that once lived and fished in the Columbia River Gorge.
What if you could use your cell phone to go online and make your medical appointments, request prescription refills or ask your doctor a question?
Dogs are very smart.
The country's anti-corruption agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, says it recovered more than $4 billion from fraudsters in the past six years.
Many other imported, exotic animals escape or are released into local ecosystems. They disrupt native ecologies, out-compete native species and potentially spread new diseases.
The draft recommendation states that pregnant women should eat at least 8 ounces and up to 12 ounces (2-3 servings) per week of a variety of fish, according to a news release from the FDA.
Public religious worship was not allowed under the atheistic communist state.
Atrial fibrillation is a major cause of stroke and heart failure and may also be related to an increased risk of death. It's an abnormal rhythm of the heart that is caused when the upper chambers of the heart beat in an uncoordinated and irregular fashion.
But now there's work afoot to revive many of these dead languages, and not just for sheer academic pleasure.
"And my grandfather was in the Warsaw Ghetto." "Whoa. I don't think it's appropriate for white people to use the word 'ghetto.'" "Oh my God, fuck off."
They are calling for an end to impunity and for perpetrators of these crimes to be brought to justice.
In 2004, as scrutiny and criticism of the study intensified, ten of 13 co-authors of the 1998 autism article publicly disassociated themselves from from it.
For decades, distribution of vaccines in Africa and other warm regions has been hampered by the need to keep the vaccines refrigerated—a major challenge in remote areas without electric power.
Although there have been many imitators, the real Elvis Presley continues to thrill people today and he is appreciated by a whole new generation of rock fans.
In a four-day hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee last month, Democrats praised Jackson for her depth of experience, serving as a judge for nearly 10 years at the federal and appellate levels, and clerking for Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, who U.S. President Joe Biden nominated her to replace.
Earlier this month [October], you'd have found him walking behind a harvester machine, a straw hat shading his face.
The male insects are transported to laboratories at Seibersdorf, near Vienna, and there they are sterilized by being exposed to large doses of gamma radiation.
Emma Gaya winces with pain as the nurse at her local clinic inserts a swab deep into her nose.
There is a Kurdish anthropologist in northern Iraq who devotes his time and career to saving the traditions of Kurdistan's nomadic shepherds.
These replacement joints can be made of combinations of metal alloys, plastic and ceramic, but new research shows that it might be possible to regenerate damaged joints using a patient's own stem cells.
The CDC had an advisement for men who have recently traveled to areas with Zika.
American rap often talks of crime, and life on the mean streets of America's urban ghettoes.
Authorities said the four-day shutdown beginning Monday would allow workers to fumigate rodent burrows for fleas that carry the infectious bacterial disease.
That means he is not standing inside the restaurant wearing a wireless headset and grease-spattered uniform.
The African continent has the world’s lowest rates of electrification, a fact that caught the attention of U.S. President Barack Obama when he visited the continent last year. So he announced an ambitious plan to electrify 20 million households in six countries: Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria and Tanzania.
In Anger Management hothead Adam Sandler is sentenced to undergo unorthodox therapy at the hands of Jack Nicholson who says the challenge and fun is to give audiences something they have not seen before.
Plutus, the son of Demeter and a mortal called Iasion, was the god of wealth, and is represented as being lame when he makes his appearance, and winged when he takes his departure.
After poring over 56 years of data, the researchers found that a magnetic map is responsible for providing sockeye salmon with their keen sense of direction which guides them home, even when they’ve been away at sea for years.
The other day, the fellow who delivers bottled water rattled his cartful of plastic jugs down the hall.
Top athletes often are held to high standards, both on and off the field. So when they are accused of cheating or using performance-enhancing drugs, or simply unsportsmanlike conduct, it can be a shock to their fans.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange told reporters via video link from the Ecuadorian embassy in London that the documents were hidden in what he called the borderline between secrecy and complexity.
Soon, the swinging sounds of traditional Afrikaans music, dominated by accordions and a steady beat, turned the backyard gathering into a party.
Triangular shapes jut from the building, and a prow dangles over a busy downtown street.
The answer is not to turn inward, to retreat into competing factions, distrusting those who don’t look like you do, or worship the way you do, or don’t get their news from the same sources you do.
They are alleged to have used embezzled public money to bankroll at-times lavish lifestyles in France.
Head of the Spanish Red Cross’ disaster management unit international department, Inigo Vila Guerra, reports that rains have caused mud houses to wash away, sending rural residents to sturdier accommodations in larger, water-logged urban centers.
We never ought to allow our instincts of justice to degenerate into mere vindictiveness.
While no single factor is responsible for the population decline, the analysis finds intensive land use, climate change and the spread of alien species and disease, are among the major threats to pollinating insects.
Polysynthesis is a method of word-building, applicable either to nominals or verbals, which not only employs juxtaposition with aphaeresis, syncope, apocope, etc., but also words, forms of words and significant phonetic elements which have no separate existence apart from such compounds.
My first week on station was mind-numbingly chilly, temperatures hovered around minus 42 Celsius (minus 45 Fahrenheit).
The poet’s business is not with facts as such, or with inferences, but with truth of feeling, and the very spirit of truth. His function is ideal; that is, from the prosaic, the individual, the limited, he is to lift us up to the universal, the generic, the boundless. In compassing this noble end he may, if such be his bent, use the facts and feelings and individualities of daily life; and, by illuminating and ennobling them he will approve his human insight, as well as his poetic gift.
But Cicero does not seem even to have had a religious sentiment to cover the nakedness of his political opportunism. Not only does he in the Tusculan Disputations put aside in the Platonic fashion all the Homeric tales which anthropomorphize and discredit the gods; but in his treatise On Divination he shows an absolute disbelief in all the recognized practices, including the augury which he himself officially practised; and his sole excuse is that they are to be retained “on account of popular opinion and of their great public utility.”
“Irma and I spent the whole week before, calling the people in the community trying to put together a welcome for you.” “A week?” “Yup,” answered the old man quietly.
Their degrees of consanguinity and alliance are very strange; for being thus akin and allied to one another, we found that none was either father or mother, brother or sister, uncle or aunt, nephew or niece, son-in-law or daughter-in-law, godfather or godmother, to the other; unless, truly, a tall flat-nosed old fellow, who, as I perceived, called a little shitten-arsed girl of three or four years old, father, and the child called him daughter.
They argued with him that it would be quite impossible for him to stand unanaesthetized the elaborate cutting and dissection necessary to complete an operation of this kind in a most important part of the body, where large nerves and arteries would have to be cut through and where the slightest disturbance on the part of the patient might easily lead to serious or even fatal results.
They are arguably among the most recognizable figures in American pop culture, and by their daring exploits, capture the imaginations of fans around the world.
There is an effort in the U.S. to bring this “dark data,” as it's called, into the light through digitizing museum collections.
The rustlers have been stealing your cattle and a lot of other people’s for a long time, haven’t they?
All higher terrestrial organisms, including humans, other vertebrates, insects and even higher land plants, require complex, fractally branching vascular systems for survival.
All the Brownies had promised to help, and when a Brownie undertakes a thing he works as busily as a beaver until it is accomplished.
If we wish our trains of ideation and volition to be copious and varied and effective, we must form the habit of freeing them from the inhibitive influence of reflection upon them, of egoistic pre-occupation about their results.
I'll admit that such a person is mischievous and ought to be shut up, either by jailing him or putting a plaster over his mouth, but I can't believe Jake Kasker guilty of those circulars.
The ocelot is found only in forest districts, and is an excellent climber, spending most of its life in the trees.
Two of the study’s lead researchers, David Warshaw, Ph.D., Michael Previs, Ph.D., both molecular physiologists from the University of Vermont’s Cardiovascular Research Institute, used powerful microscopes to look inside a part of heart muscle tissue called the sarcomere.
His latest book, dressed in a hardback cover with a slick dust jacket and published by one of the world's biggest publishers (Alfred Knopf in New York) is all about toothpicks!
With a wooden potato masher Adelaide mashed the berries in the saucepan and poured over the sugar; this mixture she let stand a few minutes before putting the saucepan on the stove and letting it come slowly to the boiling point.
Sigurd was certainly foreign to Scandinavia; hence the epithet Hunnish, constantly applied to him, and the localising of the legend by the Rhine.
He is also charged with conspiracy to transfer stolen money, conspiracy to defraud the U.S., money laundering, and tax evasion.
A few minutes later I came to and I was on a backboard with a neckbrace on being taken down the mountain by ski patrol.
If they give her three or four months to find a job and get back on her feet, maybe they won’t have to foreclose on her house.
And in a few moments, to Dan’s astonished delight, the actress herself appeared, a big scarf over her head and her body enveloped in her snowy cloak, and he understood with a leap of his heart that she had singled him out to take her home.
Hydrotherapy involves the use of water for soothing pains and treating certain medical conditions.
Tom is tall, dark, and handsome.
How do TV remotes work?
How do remote controls work?
Cookie howled from the living room.
Cookie stood in the living room and howled.
I'm not at liberty to disclose to you the details of my mission.
I love dogs and cats.
What does that button do?
That's what it means at minimum.
Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear.
Tom composed a dirge for Mary.
Tom composed a dirge to honor the late emperor.
The feckless liberals did nothing to stop fascism from taking over.
I'm looking for a Unicode serif font.
The book narrates the heretofore untold story of Tom Jackson, a nurse from Boston.
Tom has reached heretofore unseen levels of annoying.
A flyer for the event is enclosed herewith.
A check is enclosed herewith.
The minutes from the October 20, 2023 business meeting are enclosed herewith.
But 50 years ago, when life was much slower (at least as we nostalgically remember it) families actually sat down for hours and played meandering board games like Monopoly and Parcheesi.
Since the brain is so complex to study as a whole, computers with the team’s special programming were used to divide the brain into small, three-dimensional cubes known as volumetric pixels, or “voxels.”
Both studies looked at how the virus is transmitted from mother to child through the placenta, an organ that nourishes the fetus before the baby is born.
And some of the seeds were big flat beans, or little long round beans; and some, like the sweet-peas, were very round, like shot; and some, like the cockscomb seeds, were tiny and shiny and black and so slippery that Prue lost more than she got in her envelope, though she got enough, for there is such a lot of seed on a cockscomb.
A telecoms company in South Africa launched a free mobile phone application last year to support targets of gender-based violence (GBV), which soared during the coronavirus pandemic.
Experts suspect the surfaces may be covered with some kind of hydrophobic material that repels water molecules.
All the common electric lamps (less than 70 watts) are made with vacuums inside.
Laggy systems are, however, not simply annoying but substantially reduce user productivity.
They are learning Uyghur, a Turkic language spoken by more than 11 million ethnic Uyghurs in western China.
What makes a film right for the holidays? It has to appeal to the whole family and moviegoers of all ages.
“What’s that to you?” bluntly demanded the young fellow, his temper a little ruffled by what appeared an impertinent obstruction on the part of some swaggering bully.
Intramuscular injections are administered at a 90-degree angle to the skin, preferably into the anterolateral aspect of the thigh or the deltoid muscle of the upper arm, depending on the age of the patient.
A French technology company has created a tiny tracking device to combat poaching. The tracker is smaller, lighter and cheaper than previous methods, such as radio collars. The creators say the technology can also allow those in remote villages to share information on the internet regardless of language or literacy barriers.
Bob, too, was indefatigable in his exertions in my behalf; now ranging the woods with his airgun, in search of a species of pigeon which he had discovered; anon going away in the canoe (in which Ella had escaped, and which he had contrived to retain) to the rocks, and bringing in sundry delicately-flavoured fish; and then off to the woods again for fruit, of which the island afforded any quantity of various kinds.
While some outsiders have called him a king, he is seen within the Borana clan as a leader who assures the continuance of the traditional Gadaa system.
Justin Timberlake is the sexiest male musician on earth. This judgement comes courtesy of lingerie purveyor Victoria's Secret, which just issued its annual assessment of celebrity pulchritude.
Another feature of Stormorken syndrome is permanent constriction of the pupils of the eyes (miosis), which may be caused by abnormalities in the muscles that control the size of the pupils.
A survey of 12,000 young people in 112 countries in April and May describes the devastating and disproportionate impact the pandemic is having on their education, training and job prospects.
Ted led the way, not merely because he was past fourteen and more than half a year older than his cousin, but because Hubert unconsciously yielded to the captaincy of a more venturesome and resolute spirit.
The problem is that irreligion and secular values are being forced on people of faith.
Vaccines against swine and avian flu can be made more effective by the addition of a helper serum known as an adjuvant.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has begun a major new risk assessment of 20 flame-retardant chemicals.
Deal out twenty-five cards in five rows, each containing five cards. The object is to compose the number fourteen with any two cards taken either from a perpendicular or from a horizontal row. The knave counts eleven, the queen twelve, and the king thirteen.
Science and science fiction intersected recently when 1,000 people took part in a brain experiment while watching a movie about what happens when the human brain is connected to a computer.
Employees currently have the ability to opt in to receive electronic paystubs, but only 64 percent take advantage of this option.
I insist on full on glamour, I insist on ball gowns and women dripping in jewels and beauty, and I want men in tuxes and tails and I want goody bags that you need to carry out with a tow truck.
He hadn't forgotten; he couldn't forget; the past was all over him, obsessing and dominating.
The storm was over, the snow had ceased falling, and under its muffling mantle, white and spent with the day's struggle, lay the great swamp of the Oro.
He had dropped behind Du Barry for a moment to tie up his bootlace, and Julie, running girlishly along the moonlit path, bumped violently into his arched back.
Earthenware hardens at a lower temperature than another clay called stoneware.
Operation Smile is an international group of medical professionals who perform reconstructive surgery, free of charge, for children with facial deformities.
Trails leading to the top and bottom of the falls are popular among sunbathers, swimmers, and fishermen, so plan on having company unless you arrive earlier.
Storms of the winter, and deepening snows, when will you end? I said, for the soul within me was numb with woes, and my heart uncomforted.
Why would a conservative like Star Trek?
You're not a dog! You're a bear wearing dog ears!
I got a scholarship.
A year after Elon Musk took over in 2022, Twitter traffic is down 14%.
Learning common roots, prefixes and suffixes will help you become an expert in deconstructing the meanings of English words and constructing a strong vocabulary.
Sills' stardom stretched from the highbrow world of the Metropolitan Opera to the playful world of the Muppets on television.
Scientists in the U.S. and Australia are using new devices, experimental bionic eyes, to help bring sight to the sightless. It uses similar technology to cochlear implants that have been helping people hear for decades.
With China's population becoming larger, and richer, China is on track to overtake Japan as the world's largest corn importer.
Mr. Reeves and other experts are calling for stronger controls on crop dusting and distribution of agricultural chemicals, as well as stricter rules for agricultural experimentation.
He peppered his talks with harrowing stories from his career that make you wonder how he sleeps at night.
Cotula has also studied other business models that involve collaboration with smallholders, including tenant farming and sharecropping.
France has given up the franc. Germany has given up the deutschmark. And other euro members have given up their longtime currencies, the lira, the peseta, the drachma and many others.
Prokaryotes do not have organelles such as mitochondria or chloroplasts; eukaryotes have a variety of organelles, some of which are separated from the cytoplasm by membranes.
For the satisfaction of the curious, and the edification of the genealogist, I will state that my ancestors came to this country from England in the middle of the seventeenth century.
Scientists, using a modern form of x-ray technology, estimate the tooth predates the earliest known Homo sapiens fossil by 160,000 years.
Without the effective resistance of minorities the general will may become tyrannous or without the stimulus they afford it may become inert.
Sark is part of the English Channel Islands off the coast of Normandy, France. It is a royal fief, part of the Bailiwick of Guernsey, and has its own set of laws based on Norman law, its own parliament, and exchequer.
The software quietly runs computations in the background, searching for unusual objects such as pulsars.
NASA and Northrop Grumman will use data from the test to evaluate the motor’s performance using potential new materials and processes that can be incorporated into future boosters.
Laos' teen pop idol, Alexandra Bounxouei, returns to serenade our audience with her not-yet-released new songs, courtesy of her musician father, Mr. Bounthavisay Bounxouei, who made a copy of the songs and gave it to VOA.
The cobbles are also round, which tells us that they are being smoothed as waves carry them up and down the beach, rolling the cobbles against each other and knocking off any sharp or broken edges.
The Dallas Mavericks came alive in the second half to remain unbeaten at home this National Basketball Association season.
He then decided to try the effect of hypnotizing her, for, as all psychopathologists are aware, hypnotism, when it is possible to use it, is an unrivaled agency for recovering lost memories.
It was the dragoon regiment of Count O'Reilly that by a splendid charge saved the remnant of the Austrian army at Austerlitz.
He immersed himself in racial memories, not so much of Ancient Egypt where cats were prized as minions of the lovely cat-goddess Bast and ceremoniously mummified at the end of tranquil lives, as of the Middle Ages, when European mankind waged a genocidal war against felines as being the familiars of witches.
The tasks we were assigned are daunting, and the time frames for action ungenerous, but our staff never flinched in meeting our obligations.
He sat there, wearing the headphones, trying to make himself understood above the godawful static.
Let each individual fully grasp and understand the misery, degradation, and destruction that await him in war, and the barbarous ordeal by carnage will quickly become the most unpopular institution on earth.
By contrast, the number of renters between the ages of 35 and 59 grew just 17 percent during the same time period, and the number of renters under the age of 34 increased 7 percent, according to apartment search website RENTCafe, which conducted the analysis focusing on cities with populations of at least 100,000.
If decaying vegetation accumulates quickly on the bottom or temperatures change in unfavorable ways, water can quickly become depleted in oxygen. This forces prey to the surface to breathe, giving shoebills an opportunity to strike.
Some believe if you say Tom's true name at the thirteenth hour, he will be banished back to the evil realm from whence he came.
Climate scientists warn the world is courting disaster if it fails to swiftly do what’s required to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.
Tom is a witch.
Tom is a revenant.
Tom is a lich.
Cookie has gone berserk and is killing townspeople.
It's normal to see giant skeletons in people's yards these days, but I wasn't expecting one to offer me a magic key.
Ansermino says the inexpensive Phone Oximeter, expected to cost between $10 to $40, produces pulse oximetry readings as accurate as those of machines used in Western hospitals, costing thousands more.
No one lives in that house; the giant skeletons guard it year-round.
After millions of years the sand turned into sandstone. With more time and pressure the sandstone was then squished and cooked into quartzite.
I'll call Twitter X when Elon stops deadnaming his daughter.
Cookie killed Tom.
Cookie is out of control.
Cookie killed the mayor.
Cookie has become a vicious beast.
The U.S. government confers such status on countries where citizens cannot return safely or sometimes, when the country cannot care for its people.
We shall nobly save, or meanly lose, the last best hope of earth.
Are there a lot of cats in Catalonia?
Tom is literally a walking, talking skeleton.
That's not Tom. Tom is dead.
Tom's undead army has taken over Boston.
Mary is haunted by the ghost of her abusive ex-boyfriend Tom.
Tom is the only one who isn't a vampire yet.
Tom is the only one who wore a Halloween costume.
Tom's card was declined.
You're a very beautiful person.
Tom is the only one who didn't wear a Halloween costume.
Tom got a little too drunk at the Halloween party.
Cookie was chased by a skeleton dog.
"I saw a cat out of the corner of my eye, but then it disappeared." "Was it black?" "It was." "That's just the shadow cat. It lives in the shadow dimension and sometimes shows up when our dimensions move particularly close to each other. It's harmless."
A few cats have died in this house, and you might see their ghosts from time to time.
The cats will protect us from the phantoms.
You have to cut the zombies' heads off.
Tom's disembodied voice spoke to the undead army.
"It's called X now." "By Elon Musk, and nobody else."
Money can't buy respect.
Tom drew Mary's fursona.
Ebola kills an estimated 30 percent of Lowland Gorillas, one reason the species is on the endangered list.
They brought tents, lawn chairs and coolers full of snacks and beverages, and plenty of umbrellas to protect against the elements, including a thunderstorm that lasted about an hour in the early evening.
Tuberculosis is a vicious epidemic that is drastically underfunded. That was the takeaway message from the first high-level meeting focused on the infectious disease at the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
Researchers looked at different species and subspecies of zebras, horses and asses, and their habitats.
In 1904 we had the pleasure of escorting that veteran speleologist, Monsieur E. A. Martel, through the old and the new caves at Wookey Hole.
Leafcutter ants, the tiny red dots known for carrying green leaves as they march through tropical forests, are also talented farmers that cultivate gardens of fungi and bacteria.
From bumblebees and swallowtail butterflies pollinating wild flowers to wolf spiders hunting along the forest floor, arthropods fill many niches critical in maintaining natural environments.
I hate liquorice.
Tom hates liquorice.
Tom absolutely despises liquorice.
Tom abhors liquorice.
Liquorice is a taste bud's worst nightmare.
In almost every house there was a store of cider, brandy, rum or whiskey, but the men seldom overindulged except at weddings and funerals.
Liquorice is the darkest abyss of culinary experiences.
Liquorice is the food equivalent of nails on a chalkboard.
His success in the end was well deserved, and perhaps the lesson his doings teach will not be lost upon those who peruse these pages.
A major river in Poland, the Vistula originates on the western slopes of the mountain Barania Góra in the Carpathian Mountains in southern Poland.
I do not deserve to be misunderstood in this way, for I never did a dishonorable act in my life.
Wool and mohair are the bread and butter of many of the Basotho, the people of Lesotho.
He had read that letter dozens of times, in fact he knew every word on the typewritten page by heart, but he read it again now in the hope of finding some additional meaning between the lines.
Its inhabitants were the docile Guaranies, who knew something of agriculture and in whose villages considerable stores of food were to be found.
Tom is so mean.
Some foods (especially those with high sugar content such a honey or some candies) which are difficult to homogenize at room temperature become more workable when heated.
The Lucy mission is named after the fossilized skeleton of an early hominin (pre-human ancestor) discovered in Ethiopia in 1974 and named “Lucy” by the team of paleoanthropologists who discovered it.
Ashley Davies, a volcanologist at JPL, will describe how studying volcanoes on Earth leads to a clearer understanding of how Io's volcanoes work and how best to study them from spacecraft.
Unlike Elon Musk's Twitter, Wikipedia pays its bills.
Tom is a lapsed Catholic.
Elon Musk hates Wikipedia because he prefers when users generate money for him instead of something useful to each other.
Nonfiction is fiction that tries to be true.
David considers himself an ex-Jew.
Tom considers himself an ex-Catholic.
Tom would say that.
I think that's what you think I think.
I'm a cat. I know nothing of these matters.
I ghostwrote one of Tom Jackson's novels.
I'd love to feel larger than life.
At a townhall with program participants Monday, the president announced the program was being renamed in honor of Nelson Mandela.
The company, which delivers billions of parcels each year, has a high carbon footprint based on the planes, trucks and cars it uses to transport items around the world.
Governments now are worried that, much like after the 2008 financial crash, their businesses will become the target of hostile foreign takeovers.
A satellite snaps pictures of the sun in ways Earth-based cameras can’t.
"My parents beat me and I turned out fine." "If you're advocating violence against defenseless children, you did not 'turn out fine.'"
Through the years, what little scientists have deduced about dinosaurs was gleaned almost exclusively from stony fossils—until now.
I have no confidence this attack on Gaza is going to eliminate Hamas, but it will certainly continue to kill a lot of Palestinians.
Take from the fire, add the yolks of two eggs well-beaten, the juice of half a lemon, and half a dozen parboiled oysters.
Here are her picks for who will win the coveted Oscar statuette in the major categories on Sunday.
We at Focus always strive for clear, concise writing that avoids gobbledygook and jargon.
On this day, they're sitting amidst guitars, mandolins, harmonicas, trumpets and amps, with a guitar case opened to accept donations.
I'm part elf.
Elves love to sing.
The lemmings were active all day and were very tame, but whenever an Alaska jay flew near them all the mice suddenly rushed into their holes.
Fireworks crackled through the night skies in New Zealand and Australia as the two countries started the worldwide celebration of the first moments of 2014.
Today, there are boarded up stores on every block, and not much street traffic and vitality during what should be the busy noontime lunch hour.
Since it was developed by Pentagon-funded researchers in the 1960s and 1970s, the decentralized computer network known as the Internet has operated relatively smoothly.
The mares may be seen, during the season of high water, swimming about followed by their colts, and feeding on the tall grass, of which the tops alone wave above the waters.
You're a silly scaremonger, spreading a yarn like this, and a cur to boot for deserting your partner!
He said it can shake the firmest foundations of confidence and sometimes even leads people to despair of the meaning and value of life.
He smoked two cigarettes in succession. He stubbed the last one out angrily.
The fuselage, or body of the airplane, is a long hollow tube which holds all the pieces of an airplane together.
Science is very good in its own way, but we observe a wide-spread and lamentable ignorance concerning all that pertains to the romantic side of our earth’s history.
Macular degeneration primarily affects Caucasian people, usually those with light colored eyes.
But while toward cats of his own sex he is fierce and combative, he is just as meek and deferential to his mother as he was in his tender kittenhood.
We have perused the book with pleasure, and cordially recommend it to our readers.
She hurries to knead the dough for the bread her family will eat all week.
The killing of women and children runs contrary to Islam.
Decades of research have demonstrated that beating children is both ineffective and extremely psychologically damaging.
Fog can form quickly and catch boaters off guard. Visibility can be reduced to a few feet, which can disorient even the most experienced boaters.
When a young man he had dreamed of a republic, but now, after coming to Paris, he became a Bonapartist.
If you want to work as a pharmacist, you need to fill every valid prescription, even if it conflicts with your beliefs. Someone else's medical care is none of your business.
If you work at a pharmacy and don't want to fill a prescription because it conflicts with your beliefs, find a different job.
I love dandelions.
Be evil.
What is monotropism?
Marxism isn't scientific unless it permits revision.
Scientific disciplines allow revision.
Things don't work like that.
It isn't my jam.
It's not my jam.
Many women are unable to conceive because of a condition known as polycystic ovary syndrome, in which the ovaries fail to secrete enough hormones to stimulate egg production.
At last the gale, as if it had rested merely to gain strength, breezed up again with greater fury than ever.
Scientific analyses disproved the rumors, but the damage was done.
The herbs—rosemary and oregano—not only enhance the taste of food, lab tests find they are loaded with healthful compounds that work to reduce blood sugar as effectively as anti-diabetic drugs.
A few moments later the postwoman knocked at the door, and handed in two letters.
The vets have to go to the farm to diagnose an animal's condition and to make recommendations for treatment.
The Suez Canal has been operating since 1869, basically making it possible to get from Europe to Asia by sea, without looping around Africa.
Then she sat at the table in the little nook, drinking coffee, smoking a cigarette and leafing through the paper.
It is a most appetising morning drink, and should be taken a short time before eating.
He called for the talks to be internationally mediated and held outside the country.
Scant, low, scraggy cedars gave place to more numerous, darker, greener, bushier ones, and these to high, full-foliaged, green-berried trees.
Cyber attacks are cleverly worded to convince recipients to click on a link, or open an attachment, which implants malware on the recipient's computer, giving digital eavesdroppers wide-ranging access.
A cursory check with music stores in Johannesburg revealed that many stock large selections of her CDs.
She brought him a slice of cake and a glass of eggnog.
A group of researchers has successfully transplanted lab grown bone cells into patients with damaged jaw bones.
The day after the inaugural session, the new parliament set to work formulating some 60 new pieces of legislation addressing financial, judicial, electoral, and military questions, as well as the politically sensitive issue of immunity and amnesty.
The two became close friends, and when Kennedy launched his campaign for president in January 1960, Sorensen went with him as a speechwriter, political strategist and confidante.
Turn on the television in the United States and you are sure to be bombarded with advertisements for a dizzying array of weight-loss products and programs.
Scientists have discovered that a protein that plays a crucial role in healing broken bones is not fully functional in diabetics.
Women in the study periodically answer questionnaires about their health and lifestyle.
Marc Gaden says by the 1950s, lampreys had killed off most of the big predator fish in the lakes.
Over the centuries, Tibetan monks have created mandalas, fanciful images of the universe with complex iconography.
But we lose touch sensitivity as we age and it is deadened in some people who have suffered a stroke.
The researchers were able to estimate that the polar bears' ancestors branched off from the brown bear population when they headed north and adapted to the Arctic habitat, becoming a separate species about 150,000 years ago.
He said the destinies of India and China are linked by geography and history and that he is optimistic about future relations between the world's two fastest-growing economies.
When it closed in 1984, thousands were put out of work and the dockyard fell into disuse.
A study released at the summit by the Malaysia-based World Fish Center says fish harvests must increase by 32 percent to keep pace with consumption as the population grows.
Bacteria in our bodies compete for survival, just like animals in the wild. And Staphyloccocus lugdunensis makes a really odd-looking chain of amino acids scientists have dubbed lugdunin, that keeps S. aureus at bay.
A connection between microbial activity and the appearance of microtubules in basalt glass has been proposed in the past, but direct evidence for biological processes being in their formation is still lacking and non-biological origins are possible.
The airline says the aircraft's right-side landing gear had malfunctioned on takeoff.
Most Israelis are either descended from refugees or are refugees themselves.
That agreement was signed under false pretenses.
The word "gentile" is derived from a translation of the word "goy" into Latin.
It's the only thing I'm interested in.
Tom made up a language.
Tom and Mary have a secret language.
That's a brown marmorated stink bug.
Be patient with people.
My thoughts on life vary with my mood, and I have a mood disorder.
I think we'll be able to finish it tonight.
Trans pornography enjoys the most popularity in the most transphobic U.S. states.
You've got some bad B.O. going on.
Did you eat beans today?
I'm with the band.
I'm a physics major.
I work at the planetarium.
"I work at the zoo." "Oh, what do you do there?" "I'm one of the monkeys."
Do you like trains?
Tom is the most powerful wizard in Boston.
The dead are walking.
The dead have risen.
Halloween is goyish Purim.
I want to pay attention to this one.
We're matter that tricked itself into suffering.
Tom smells like garbage.
I'm not going down on you until you take a shower.
There must always be two parties to a quarrel, says the old adage.
But he was sick and weary; and he soon fell sound asleep.
They both smoked, for some seconds, in silence.
The mud lay thick upon the stones, and a black mist hung over the streets; the rain fell sluggishly down, and everything felt cold and clammy to the touch.
A sharp rain, too, was beating against the window-panes; and the sky looked black and cloudy.
The night was very dark.
It was piercing cold, too; all was gloomy and black.
There was a dull sound of falling water not far off; and the leaves of the old tree stirred gently in the night wind.
The house was dark, dismantled; and, to all appearance, uninhabited.
The night was bitter cold.
They conversed for some time in whispers.
They listened intently: a profound silence reigned throughout the house.
They looked into all the rooms; they were cold, bare, and empty.
The air grew colder, as day came slowly on; and the mist rolled along the ground like a dense cloud of smoke.
The rain came down, thick and fast, and pattered noisily among the leafless bushes.
His head was dizzy, and he staggered to and fro like a drunken man.
America's growing interest in wine and wine culture has uncorked a new kind of real estate development, as Guy Hand reports from the Idaho wine country in the Northwest.
In their study, dog owners who showed affection towards other subjects, including a toy dog that made noise and wagged its tail, and an inanimate object, elicited what appeared to be jealous behavior from their dogs.
The 38th president of the United States, Gerald Ford is best known as a man who helped the country get through one of the darkest periods in American history.
Even the adult becomes himself like the child who cannot be satisfied with the repetition of a favourite tale, but harasses the story-telling aunt or nurse, to know more of the incidents and characters.
Spring will soon be upon North America, reawakening many people's passion for the outdoors.
Yes, it was a sunny day; but for many days before, the sky had been veiled in gloomy clouds; and joyous indeed was it to look up into that blue vault, and see it unobscured by its sombre screen; and my heart fluttered, like a prisoned bird, with its painful longings for an unchecked flight amidst the beautiful creation around me.
A team of astronomers accidentally discovered a previously unseen dwarf galaxy hiding behind a globular star cluster.
She alternates between solo and band recordings, which allows the singer/fiddler to showcase both contemporary pop and traditional country/bluegrass sounds.
They have announced a multimillion dollar fish rescue plan to help avert an “ecological disaster.”
But to-night the elderly servitor was solemn and unloquacious beyond his custom.
Each station was equipped with a barometer, a thermometer, a hygrometer, an anemometer, an anemoscope to show wind direction, and a pluviometer (rain gauge).
Pyrexia is but a sign of the intensity of the activities of the infective agent, and by artificially reducing the body heat we really do not lessen the virulence of the poison, as shown by the rise of the temperature again as soon as the action of the antipyretic subsides.
How politically realistic are the climate action goals that European governments are setting in lockstep with the United States?
This disease, called PDD [Proventricular Dilatation Disease], has been affecting large aviaries, zoos, and conservation efforts across the world.
In English there are only three cases, nominative, genitive, and objective, or accusative case.
Is the possessive case in English a full-fledged genitive?
A group of business majors from Washington Adventist University spends every Thursday evening at a local coin laundry, helping kids from the poor, mostly immigrant neighborhood do their math homework and practice their English.
U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan brokered the deal, and was on hand for the ceremony.
City officials have extended a quarantine on people exposed to SARS, including cordoning off a second hospital.
As a researcher and cardiologist, Dr. Christopher M. O'Connor, of the Duke University Medical Center in North Carolina, has seen studies of new-drug effectiveness that seemed to have different results in different countries. So he combined the results from several studies investigating the effectiveness of drugs called beta blockers for patients with heart failure.
Everyone gets angry, and some things are infuriating.
Everyone gets angry.
The nautilus is a mollusk that uses jet propulsion to roam the ocean deep.
The genii of syntax and prosody are his guardian angels, and the love of "gabble" is the be-all and the end-all of his political existence.
"Prove you exist." "I think, therefore I am." "Prove you think."
Only a few people close by can hear the note and they do not pay us any attention, except to think that maybe we are a little nuttier than is normal for musicians.
We outline root causes that contribute to employees' reticence to speak up, such as the perception that management won't act on their views or the fear of retaliation during the performance management process.
Because a man has had high aspirations, has tried with all the energy of his body and soul to realise them, and has, in the end, fallen short of his exalted aim, he is not, therefore, to be called a failure.
Republicans will ban all abortions nationwide as soon as they can, with no exceptions.
What is a lujvo in Lojban?
On an October day—a sunny day, and except for the yellow leaves that quivered on rapidly bearing branches, very like spring—Patricia Everett, from the window of her home, watched an automobile drive out of sight, carrying her mother and sister away to Florida, and confided to the empty room that she was the very unhappiest girl in the whole world!
The Jewish students were told to hide as protesters banged on the doors of the library.
Those two sentences weren't related.
While U.S. and Canadian environmental health agencies have both announced they will reevaluate the registration of the pesticides in question, those processes are slated to take years.
The most commonly counterfeited medicines in poor countries are used to treat life-threatening conditions such as malaria, tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS.
Now in its fifth year, the Pavilion is a warm, lush enclosure filled with beautiful flowering plants, in which visitors interact with hundreds of live butterflies, representing species from around the world.
The best entertainment came during the two weeks following Christmas—when neighbors would visit each other's homes and have rollicking house parties.
Diamond rings and pendants set in 18-karat gold glitter in the showcases of Erica Jewellery Company Limited at a recent Hong Kong jewelry trade show.
Even the government has allotted some city walls as official public spaces for graffiti art.
The airline hopes to avoid a repeat of its Christmas weekend fiasco, when it was forced to cancel nearly 400 flights and misplaced about 10,000 pieces of luggage.
The 28 specialists, including experts from Singapore, the United States, France, Japan, Switzerland and Nepal, are working at an unhurried pace to the soft strains of classical music in the operating theater.
Engineers in New Orleans said they expected heavy rains to cause some flooding, but the storm had not breached levee walls built to hold back Lake Pontchartrain.
Religious tolerance includes allowing Hindus to wear and display the Hindu swastika.
The players appeared thunderstruck at the enthusiasm of thousands of supporters who flocked to the airport to greet them.
The Hindu and Nazi swastikas differ in orientation.
Hindu and Nazi swastikas are stylistically distinct.
There are swastikas everywhere in India, and there is no hate behind it. Hinduism is much older than Nazism.
Police in Germany have arrested four suspects in connection with a $4 million gold coin heist earlier this year from Berlin's Bode Museum.
Some prefer to call the Nazi swastika the Hakenkreuz, as it was originally called, to avoid defaming Hinduism.
The seven-member crew made unprecedented upgrades and repairs to the telescope during five ambitious spacewalks in what was an especially dangerous mission because of debris cluttering the orbit.
You shouldn't kiss your cat if you have COVID.
What is person-centered care?
What do you want out of life?
How can I help you achieve your goals?
What's stopping you from achieving your goals?
Forget everything you know about ignorance.
What do you want your future to look like?
What would your ideal future look like?
If you didn't have any barriers, what would you do?
How can your strengths help you achieve your goals?
What do you do well?
What would success look like to you?
What can you do to reach your goals?
What can you change to help you reach your goals?
Who's on your side?
Who can help you reach your goals?
Hitler wasn't an artist; he was a painter.
Remember, it's not called Twitter anymore, but Xitter, with a Chinese X.
There was no originality in Hitler's paintings.
An engineer is a wizard whose magic works.
Tom doesn't deserve to be permanently banned.
I don't know what exactly Tom said, but he seems to be remorseful.
Israel's bombing of Gaza is genuinely infuriating.
"Blimey, he can talk for England, can't he?" "He does talk a lot!"
I'm a goat.
Garlic repels vampires.
The goat is an atheist.
I've never played truth or dare.
Tell it to the judge.
Hold the pickles.
That's Tom's line.
I'm from Texas.
Don't mess with Texas.
Everything's big in Texas.
It's a skill that not everybody has.
They broke out in a song and dance routine right then and there.
Wyoming doesn't exist.
Wyoming is gorgeous.
I don't ever want to go to Texas.
American farms hire a lot of undocumented workers.
It's fake.
Tom has diarrhea of the mouth.
Alcohol causes diarrhea of the mouth.
Want to grab a coffee some time?
Tom insisted on coming in.
A common side effect of amphetamines is severe diarrhea of the mouth.
The cat sniffed around.
The U.S. Constitution guarantees every citizen the right to possess nuclear weapons.
We aren't free unless we can buy nuclear warheads at gun shows.
What's the point in replying to something you didn't read?
He took the young men on an exclusive and exhilarating ride through the famous southern Florida wetlands on an airboat.
Zoo officials say they're pursuing the cloning of animals like the banteng in an effort to boost the fragile gene pools of threatened species. Even so, Mr. Ryder says the zoo's primary mission remains the protection of rare species in the wild, not populating their exhibits.
The generation gap is being bridged, one relationship at a time, through partnerships in an experimental program between U.S. universities and retirement homes.
The government is also accused of abusing powers—from a state of emergency declaration after the coup to repressing anyone who criticizes the government.
Yale University Professor of Pharmacology Dr. Yung-chi Cheng is at the vanguard of modern medical research, inventing widely-used therapies for diseases including cancer, hepatitis, and HIV.
There are not that many skilled shoemakers any more, says Sarkis Mousessian, so his business is doing well and he earns good money.
From the egg is hatched the larva, grub, or caterpillar, which is destitute of wings; this afterwards changes to a pupa, or crysalis, wholly covered with a hard shell, or strong skin, from which the perfect or winged insect, bursts forth.
The respirators required a doctor and several assistants to place a tube down a patient's windpipe.
Experimenting with mice, infected with the flu virus, the researchers found that rodents fed the popular high protein/low carbohydrate ketogenic or keto diet had a higher survival rate than mice who were fed a diet that was high in carbohydrates.
Peter Englund of the Nobel Committee in Stockholm made the announcement Thursday morning, calling the novelist, essayist and playwright a "divinely gifted" storyteller.
Plant pigments such as the carotenoids and chlorophylls will react similarly when exposed to light of high intensity.
Guterres, who referred to himself as “a proud feminist,” also called for dismantling the “patriarchy” and moving toward gender parity.
Trickle-down economics have been proven to increase inequality.
Abigail Allwood's team trudged a 10-kilometer-long stretch of stromatolites and identified seven different types with exotic shapes.
You're a tool for geopolitical actors that don't care about you.
According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, worldwide recording industry revenue rose by 3.2 percent in 2015 to $15 billion, due mostly to an increase in streaming subscription sales, which overtook physical sales for the first time.
In regard to the antiquity of the monuments, and the people who spoke the language called Lycian, now first made known through these inscriptions, we are enabled to arrive at conclusions which fix their era with some degree of certainty.
A cutback in donations to the WFP means the U.N. agency can only offer assistance to about 600,000 people, those most in need of help.
A new U.S. spacecraft has been launched from Florida on a mission to soak up the sun's rays, like a vacationer at the beach.
That wasn't about you.
He was no teetotaller; though a moderate man, he had full belief in the medicinal virtue of brandy.
Influenced by European sexologists like Magnus Hirschfeld and Havelock Ellis, 19th century American doctors attempted to “diagnose” and “treat” what they considered pathological sexual behavior.
For many children in the U.S., summer is the time to go to camp. Kids have fun but also learn new skills like swimming, boating, theater and horseback riding.
The male cicadas are making all the racket—a mating call produced by vibrating membranes in their abdomens. Their collective symphony approaches a level of 100 decibels—as loud as a motorcycle.
International rights groups including Amnesty International denounced the charges, calling them "patently absurd".
A mouse is baked in the oven to a ‘scrump,’ then pounded to powder, and this powder administered.
Although some sects might force members to join or prevent them from leaving, most analysts say people who are not born into a sect or cult often join of their own free will.
Stanton suddenly saw the fateful day for which he had been so carefully prepared and trained looming terrifyingly large in the immediate future.
They were walking through the corridors of one of the private dormitories where the boy roomed.
Affixes are not mentioned until some familiarity with the general character of the language is assured, as well as the possession of a fair vocabulary.
The Cassini magnetometer instrument was designed to measure the magnitude and direction of the magnetic fields of Saturn and its moons.
I have almost no sex drive, despite often talking about sex.
I have almost no sex drive.
Tom has almost no sex drive.
Tom is the only one with a sex drive.
Tom is the only one with no sex drive.
Tom is the only asexual person.
Cats are funny.
Cookie has the most adorable meow.
Magnus Hirschfeld was an advocate for the rights and autonomy of gay and trans people.
Magnus Hirschfeld led an effort to remove homosexuality from the German criminal code.
Magnus Hirschfeld believed society was primarily responsible for the problems faced by gay and trans people, and advocated for their de-stigmatization.
Magnus Hirschfeld did not believe that homosexuality was pathological, but that it was a normal variation in human sexuality.
What does the situation look like for you right now?
What does the future look like to you?
What do you bring to the table?
What skills do you have that could help you achieve your goals?
What challenges do you face in reaching your goals?
Are there things you could start doing now to make your ideal future closer to becoming a reality?
What could you start doing right now to bring you closer to your goals?
Who can you ask for help?
Who will be on your side as you strive to reach your goals?
What can you do to move toward the future you want?
Tom always wants to truly understand people.
Tom wants to be of service to others.
Tom always looks for the good in others.
Tom is always open to trying new things.
Tom is willing to work hard to achieve his goals.
Tom is willing to be guided by others.
What unique perspective do you bring to the table?
What do you value?
What's the most important thing to you?
Your choices are yours to make.
Quality of life is what's most important.
We believe recovery should be focused on making a person's life better.
What does "quality of life" mean to you?
It's your life and the decisions are yours to make.
Neurodivergent people aren't lists of symptoms to be treated.
When I was empowered to develop my own safety and recovery plans, I began to develop more personal autonomy.
There should be nothing about us without us.
Who is your community?
Community is important to recovery from mental health conditions.
People with mental health conditions should recover within society, not in isolation from it.
Instead of focusing on what you can't do, what can you do?
Instead of focusing on your deficits, what are your strengths?
If you don't want your kid to talk about you beating them, don't beat them.
Squish that cat.
The documentary is purely observational and critics say it avoids being didactic, helping to broaden its appeal.
With a four-way handshake, senior Japanese, German, Indian and Brazilian leaders agreed this week to work together to win permanent Security Council seats.
Speaking to the New York Daily News, the talk show hostess says she initially laughed when an assistant told her the newspaper was inquiring about a book her father, Vernon Winfrey, planned to write about her.
To find out, Benton’s team of researchers conducted a series of laboratory experiments with soil mites, tiny spider-like creatures that, among other things, reproduce rapidly.
When Cristina Pato first played the Galician bagpipe as a child, she never dreamed she would travel with it beyond the villages and pastures of rural Spain.
Inuit languages spoken by the Native Alaskan people are in danger of dying out.
The global effort to curb malaria is succeeding phenomenally, according to the latest report from the World Health Organization.
Another student comments that Martin Luther King's message of inclusiveness made him feel better about his Hispanic heritage.
With much fanfare billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson tested a Boeing 747 jumbo jet's ability to fly with biofuel powering its massive engines.
An already weird Olympics may soon get weirder. Forecasters say Tropical Storm Nepartak has formed off Japan’s east coast and could hit Tokyo late Monday or Tuesday.
The brothers built upon data from German experimenter Otto Lillienthal to improve the shape of wings for most efficient lift.
I'm mentally unstable.
I sometimes do things I can't explain in hindsight.
A hidden lie will come to light one day or another.
Vote? But we tried that last time!
Hate crimes against Jews in America have skyrocketed in recent years.
Jews in America feel increasingly unsafe to display Jewish symbols or to go to Jewish services.
After 9/11, the demonstrably false conspiracy theory spread on both sides of the American political spectrum that Jews were alerted to the attack and didn't go to work.
Antisemitism in America is at its highest point since the early 20th century.
America has always been a fundamentally white Christian supremacist country, despite words on paper to the contrary.
Christmas and Easter are national holidays in America.
Jews can be fired for taking off for the Sabbath in America, according to American religious freedom jurispredence.
The Jews who are doing well in America have largely shed every last trapping of Jewishness for assimilation into goy culture.
The more visibly Jewish someone is, the more likely they are to experience poverty and violence.
Shabbat is the most important Jewish holiday.
Every U.S. President has been a Christian.
George W. Bush had a personal grudge against Saddam Hussein, which he was quite vocal about.
The history of Christianity is colonialism and genocide. America is very Christian.
America fits right into the rest of the history of Christianity: Roman imperialism, the Crusades, colonialism, the Inquisition, and the Native American genocide.
America's just another one of a long line of Christian hegemons, each as hypocritical as the other.
The rendezvous with the space station had to be postponed when a data formatting issue between the Cygnus and the ISS emerged and required a software patch.
The prime ministers of Jamaica and Trinidad are set to sign an accord in which Trinidad will supply Jamaica with liquefied natural gas at competitive prices.
For die-hard advocates of free markets and limited government, the abrupt change in direction is horrifying.
A NASA spacecraft skims the surface of an asteroid to capture a sample.
American gambling mogul Steve Wynn has finalized a deal with authorities in Macao to build a lavish resort and casino on the Chinese territory.
The World Health Organization says two and a half billion people in developing countries do not have access to simple latrines, and for at least one billion of them, finding safe drinking water is a daily struggle.
The Mega Millions lottery jackpot continues to grow, reaching a staggering $454 million ahead of Tuesday night's drawing—making it potentially the seventh largest in U.S. history.
But more than 90 of these villages got a makeover in the past decade. Artists have painted giant, colorful murals on the walls of old buildings or streets.
What ever happened to the kid who played Charlie Bucket in the original Willie Wonka movie?
Albert Memmi's mother was Berber.
Albert Memmi's semi-autobiographical book "The Pillar of Salt" is about a very poor Jewish kid growing up in Tunis.
The key to sexual attraction may be pheromones—airborne chemicals secreted from the body that are known to alter behavior.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull also features English actor Ray Winstone as Indy's duplicitous partner; and Karen Allen returns to the series for the first time since Raiders of the Lost Ark, playing Marion Ravenwood, the only woman who can stand up to the hero.
Martha Berryman, the museum's director, says old photos helped to authentically restore the house.
As recently as 2003, a big geomagnetic storm during that period we call the Halloween Storms produced a blackout in Malmo, Sweden, and damaged transformers in the Eskom network in South Africa.
President Barack Obama says leaders of the G20 nations are headed for what he calls a broad-based agreement aimed at balanced and sustainable growth that will build upon agreements from earlier summits.
Even when a spinal cord injury severs the connection to the brain, the legs "remember" how to take a step.
In July, new genetic research suggested indigenous South Americans voyaged to islands in the South Pacific 300 years before the arrival of European colonists.
Meanwhile, there has been a shake-up in the territory’s health department over the handling of the coronavirus.
Writing in the American Journal of Psychiatry, researchers from the University of Vermont found that the traditional method of treating SAD, light therapy, does not work as well as cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), a form of psychotherapy.
The only American civilians executed for espionage during the Cold War were Jewish.
Lots of people who have heard of Betty Friedan misstate her place in history. She was not a man-hater, not a bra-burner, not a sexual confrontationist, touting the birth-control pill. A suburbanite, wife and mother, she would be forced out of the National Organization for Women, which she co-founded, for being too conservative.
Richard Nixon thought he was a victim of a Jewish conspiracy.
G. Gordon Liddy, the guy Richard Nixon hired to carry out the Watergate break-in, openly worshiped the SS.
It is the first time U.S., British and EU travelers are allowed to visit this sun-kissed nation and its white-washed islands without quarantine requirements since March 2020, when the global pandemic brought international travel to a grinding halt.
Ecological destruction and unsustainable consumption have entered humanity into an "era of pandemics," according to a new report.
The competitors both took medical timeouts in their final, grueling match on a sweltering summer day.
Republican political consultant Luis Alvarado said while Latinos have traditionally voted for Democrats, many Latinos who make up the new generation of voters remain undecided.
In a San Francisco kitchen, chefs are re-creating everyday foods, such as eggs, mayonnaise, salad dressings and cookies from unconventional sources.
There, the medications are modified into illegal narcotics using a process similar to one used in the West to manufacture methamphetamines using antihistamine medications.
The hundreds of thousands of football fans visiting Brazil for the World Cup are consuming large quantities of caipirinhas, the national tipple based on muddled lime and the sugarcane-based spirit cachaça.
Artisans in Mali are hoping that Bogolan, a traditional cotton fabric, will continue to fascinate Western fashion designers and provide jobs at home.
Tom loves the sound of his own voice.
Tom just likes to hear himself talk.
It was a daring move at a time when many people's web experience was little more than a dial-up modem.
With little donor money coming in, relief workers can only do the barest minimum, such as teaching children songs and handwork.
Intricate design, white flowers and see-through veils. A happy bride proudly wears her perfect wedding attire, this time, however, made from toilet paper!
The Marquis de Lafayette first came to the United States from France at the age of 19 to help the Americans in their fight for independence.
People might think of deserts as dry expanses of land that are hostile to life. But the Sonoran Desert, which spans the southwest United States and northwest Mexico, is teeming with plants and animals that thrive in dry conditions.
For nearly 30 years, Cirque du Soleil has entertained audiences around the world with its blend of acrobatics, clowning, music and dance.
The Chinese government is sending to Haiti an aid package worth nearly $4.5 million, including tents, stretchers, food, medicine, clothing and water purification equipment.
Officials in the U.S. eastern coastal states of North and South Carolina are keeping a close watch on Hurricane Ophelia, which continues its slow drift from the Atlantic Ocean toward land.
Vietnam is chairing the 10-member country Association of Southeast Asian Nations through 2020, a once-per-decade opportunity for each bloc member.
But other heat-trapping pollutants have a more short-term impact, and the researchers say cutting those emissions could be a more effective way to slow the rate of climate warming and reduce sea-level rise.
Chemical fungicides offer some protection from rust diseases but they are costly and pose threats to the environment.
Rheal LeBlanc, the U.N.'s chief of press and external relations in Geneva, told VOA that Guterres warns that world leaders who vilify journalists as purveyors of so-called fake news put the journalists' lives and liberty in danger.
Brother Placid Gross has been the main wrangler for the black Angus herd almost since he arrived at the abbey in 1957.
Governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism as a justification to crack down on human rights defenders and civil society activists, the U.N. special rapporteur on the promotion and protection of human rights warned this week in Washington.
Though the Wolofs are the largest ethnic group in Senegal and the Wolof language dominates daily interaction, more than 20 other languages are spoken and there are almost as many ethnic groups and subgroups, each with their own traditional beliefs and practices.
As temperatures build to the mid-30s centigrade, bosses have ordered workers to abandon their normally ubiquitous jackets and ties.
The harassment got worse and worse. It escalated to the point where I would walk into the lunchroom and kids would throw food at me.
“The findings of our study help to explain why previous research has shown that a Mediterranean diet supplemented with extra-virgin olive oil or nuts can reduce the incidence of cardiovascular problems like stroke, heart failure and heart attacks,” said professor Philip Eaton, professor of cardiovascular biochemistry at King’s College, in a statement.
Dr. Rob Fuller, a volunteer dressed in green scrubs and flip-flops, is desperately looking for a place to treat a middle-aged woman who was just brought in, unable to walk.
Astronomers believe that all galaxies, like our Milky Way, have super-massive black holes at their center, 10,000 to 20,000 times the mass of our sun, acting as nature's vacuum cleaners by sucking everything near them inside. We also know of small black holes created when dying stars collapse inward. Now, the Hubble space telescope has vindicated theorists by finding two of the intermediate variety, about 4,000 times the mass of our sun.
The mystique of this legend has endured for centuries, and a California-based group has just completed yet another leg of a cross-country expedition for the mysterious—and controversial—creature.
U.S. regulators Wednesday approved a new tuberculosis drug that when taken with two other medicines shows dramatic results.
This shit ain't nothing to me, man.
"We're here to free you." "No thank you." "I didn't say you had a choice."
Immediately after the September 11th attacks, George W. Bush started searching for ways to pin the attack on Iraq, to the confusion of his advisors.
This website is under construction.
This coffee is terrible.
Cookie curled up between Tom's legs.
Uber has been operated at a loss throughout its existence to destroy taxi driver unions.
It's been a sad phenomenon of the last 100 years that Jews are chased to Israel by people who believe they're fighting Zionism.
Antisemites are eager to latch onto protests against Israel to propagate their hate, and an active effort has to be made to keep them out.
If you don't want Muslims attacking random Jews in Russia, join in the condemnation of people who say "yel3an el yahood."
If you want to oppose Israel without promoting antisemitism, condemn the people who chant "khaybar khaybar ya yahud."
If you want to oppose Israel without promoting antisemitism, don't support organizations that have called for Jews to be attacked in the diaspora, like Hamas.
Fathi Hammad has called for the killing of Jews in the Diaspora without losing his position of power in Hamas, which means they tacitly condone his remarks.
The Indomitable Lions of Cameroon, five-time African champions, will host the Stallions of Burkina Faso, the 2013 Nations Cup runners-up, in the opening match on Sunday in the capital, Yaounde.
Cheese-lover Pujeh had registered as a judge so that he could enter two parts of the competition. In one, amateur and professional cooks fired up their grills to feed throngs of hungry judges. In the other, visitors received free cheese from corporate sponsors and small businesses while they enjoy performances on the festival's large stage.
We put a bowl of candy out for the trick-or-treaters.
Our trick-or-treating is still on Halloween here.
For this grand deed of heroism the Romans set up a statue to Horatius in the comitium, and gave him in reward as much land as he could drive his plough round in the space of a whole day.
Halloween is vaguely Christian, although its roots are in Celtic paganism.
The weed store doesn't open until 3pm.
Nuts may be purchased shelled or unshelled with the exception of cashews, which are sold only shelled.
But while the county has had success in reducing the dropout rate, it has not succeeded in getting more girls to enrol in school in the first place.
Two graveyards discovered in Northern Niger are providing important insight into life in the African Sahara when it was green and lush.
Jews have an easier time with Halloween than with Christmas because it actually is as far removed from its Christian roots as possible, unlike Christmas.
There's no flag that can't be made ugly by the addition of the American flag's box of stars.
David Galvin says the greening of Kokomo is not some kooky futuristic experiment. He sees thousands of new jobs in its future—assembling solar panels, making parts for algae ponds, and so forth. Kokomo has a skilled workforce and plenty of factory space, he says. And the auto crisis has provided the motivation for change.
A Virginia native, she transferred to the newly formed CIA in 1947 and rose steadily through its ranks—while never giving up her Southern drawl or ladylike white gloves.
If the court had ordered the boundaries to be redrawn, it was expected to be one of the most competitive congressional races in the nation.
The rain pattered upon the roof and the sky gloomed through the dusty garret windows.
Is it true that Albert Einstein wasn't a good student?
The general appearance, pugnacious behavior, and whitish mouth of water-snakes (Natrix) have earned them a bad reputation.
Hamas considers it a sacrilege for a non-Muslim state to exist in Palestine, but also kills women and children, contrary to the Qur'an.
"When did this happen?" he asked, aware that the painfully tangled knot in his stomach was beginning to untie itself. "This afternoon around one-thirty."
Marginalized people are traumatized people.
Medical providers need to practice trauma-informed care.
What happened to Tom to make him like this?
Anyone you encounter may be traumatized.
Avoid further harming traumatized people.
Redundancy is a part of language.
I'm getting evicted in October.
I will not allow this to continue.
I won't let this go any further.
The safer Jews are in the Diaspora, the less of a need they will feel for Israel.
Many Jews see the pogroms happening around the world as a vindication of Zionism.
I hate going viral.
I've heard the beaches in Austria are breathtaking, especially in Sydney.
The Otamatone's distinctive timbre—and even more distinctive appearance—caused it to become the internet's favorite instrument.
In parts of Iowa, Minnesota and South Dakota, the gusty winds and low humidity will bring the threat of wildfires in areas with dry grass, National Weather Service forecasters warned.
I am inclined, however, to think that the terminological exactitude so necessary to scientific statement could not be accommodated to the range of the child-mind without a certain damage to the content.
The president, however, has been arguing otherwise and hurling his “fake news” invective at media pointing out the discrepancy.
The valet had preceded him, opening his valise and smoothing out his evening clothes on the lace bedspread.
The famed Taj Mahal has long inspired copies made from such materials as matchsticks, plastic blocks, or sand.
The Romance languages descend from Vulgar Latin, which once existed alongside Classical Latin.
She always tries to appear more empty-headed and frivolous than she really is.
The search is on for a cost-effective alternative to traditional commercial feed pellets given to farmed fish.
People have told me I'm flighty.
It was little more than daylight when we took the road again, with a thirty-mile drive to Verdun before us.
As the U.N. mediator and go-between among the members of the committee, he says he found it fascinating to listen to their discussions.
Indonesian officials say two volcanos erupted Monday, forcing the rerouting of flights and preventing thousands of people who had already been evacuated from returning home.
How would your best friend describe you?
Although he is the front-runner, the president is just one of 17 candidates running for the post.
The appearance of these variants has triggered consternation and many questions regarding their potential impact on the efficacy of newly developed vaccines against the coronavirus.
He sat in his chair with both feet planted firmly on the metal floor, and his hands gripping the armrests as though he were afraid he might float off toward the ceiling if he let go.
In today’s fast-paced world there are more ways to communicate than ever—e-mail, text messaging, Facebook, Twitter and other types of social media.
Tom began to show symptoms of vicarious trauma from his work with refugees.
What are your limits?
How have you been feeling lately?
Who can you reach out to for help with this?
Experts addressing the World Economic Forum in New York are divided about the meaning of recent data showing a possible upturn in world economic growth.
Suddenly, the tranquil quietness of the morning was interrupted by the noise of a small motorboat that approached the ship.
Many of the Vietnamese who live along the Gulf Coast not only embraced Cajun food but created something new—a fusion of two cuisines.
"Cranes will not come here if, y'know, too many people travel on this road and this canal," he explains.
Indigenous techniques have limited the severity and scale of brushfires that break out every year across northern Australia's vast savannahs.
How are you coping with the difficulties you face?
He says when a person makes an emotional or moral decision, it activates a part of the brain, just behind the eyes, called the medial pre-frontal cortex.
Do your surroundings help you achieve your goals or hinder you?
What can you do to improve your finances?
Do you have any creative abilities?
Do you have any skills or talents?
What special knowledge do you have?
Who are your social supports?
Who can you talk to when you're having trouble?
Who do you feel connected to?
Where can you go where you feel like you belong?
How much physical activity have you been doing? Are you satisfied with it?
Do you have a sense of meaning or purpose?
What do you feel is the meaning of your life?
What do you feel is the purpose of your life?
Does your work bring you satisfaction?
Does your volunteer work bring you satisfaction?
Are you satisfied with your work?
Are you safe and comfortable?
What can I do to make you feel safer?
What can I do to make you feel more comfortable?
We trust each other.
If there's ever anything you don't understand, please don't hesitate to ask me.
It's my goal to be as transparent as possible.
I'm here to help you as someone who has gone through similar experiences.
I'm here to help you as someone who has struggled with some of the same mental health problems.
You are an active partner in your care, and the final decisions are yours.
You're the expert on your own mental health.
My goal is to help you empower yourself.
Everyone has strengths.
You have the ability inside you to recover.
You aren't a mental health diagnosis; you're a full person with strengths, skills, talents, and the ability to live a full life.
It's my job to help you lead a more fulfilling life, whatever that looks like to you.
You smell like garlic.
You smell like bananas.
Thousands of birdwatchers in the United States, Canada and Latin America were out in force from mid-December to the beginning of January taking part in the 112th Christmas Bird Count, sponsored by the National Audubon Society, a U.S. bird conservation organization.
He argues that in the name of fighting terrorism, the government is oppressing political opposition.
German cardinals and other prelates met Thursday to discuss possible access to the Eucharist for non-Catholic spouses.
The first eighteen chapters of the original text had much more whitespace between paragraphs than the later chapters.
Chop four onions and fry in four tablespoonfuls of oil; add six tomatoes peeled and cut fine, one herb bouquet, a sprig of parsley, a glassful of white wine, four tablespoonfuls of oil, one chile pepper and four tablespoonfuls of flour.
The spokesman for the World Health Organization, Iain Simpson, says there is no conclusive evidence linking the animal, the civet cat, to the SARS outbreak.
Once the young hatch they are raised in predator-proof pens until they are larger and more predator resistant.
In the past two decades, Midori has played with some of the world's leading orchestras, headlined her own recitals and has received critical acclaim for her recordings.
I am Error.
Is anyone satisfied with their job?
He had a thatch of white hair and a red, wrinkled face with blue eyes and a scowl.
The tax code includes important incentives to encourage Americans to use clean power in their homes or businesses—but unfortunately, there are 44 different incentives that overcomplicate things for the average taxpayer.
The philosophical descendants of the author of the Organon were notorious for their ignorance of logic, and in ethics had approximated considerably to the Stoic teaching.
Nothing decays, nothing tarnishes, or in any way disfigures or mars the universal purity or beauty of the place.
Are you still at the bar?
It can't rain all the time.
Ethyl carbamate (also called urethane) can form during the fermentation and storage of foods and beverages that naturally contain nitrogen-rich compounds such as urea, citrulline, and cyanate.
The cup-like nest of this species is always carefully concealed in a tree.
If you have hypersomnia, you might fall asleep repeatedly during the day, often at inappropriate times such as at work or during a meal.
Here was a chance—perhaps the only one they would have—to bring these men to justice for their cruel, underhanded way of getting even with Mr. Lewis for a trivial matter.
And all this made him a many sided man; gave him a varied culture; adorned and fitted him with diversified acquirements; was, in short, a noble earthly preparation for what was to be his real life work.
For we are skirting the base of Mount Eryx, now Monte Giuliano, whence Acestes the king came down to meet Aeneas when he landed on his return from Carthage; and where Aeneas—so they say—founded the town of Acesta, which afterwards became Egesta, and is now Segesta.
More than 15 million people in Europe have been infected with coronavirus, making it the worst-hit region in the world.
"This insect has a number of features that just don't match those of any other insect species that I know," said George Poinar, an OSU entomologist considered to be one of the world's leading experts on plant and animal life forms found preserved in amber.
Tom can neither confirm nor deny any of the claims made about him.
The passage of the prohibitory law was a bold experiment, and, as the sequel showed, more bold than wise.
Some improvements have been effected, and others are in progress, but nothing has been done commensurate to the requirements of the case.
Abdallah is known for being the most honest, reliable, and affordable repairman in his neighborhood and nearby villages.
The beautiful simplicity and naivete of the man’s character, the mean circumstances in which his life was cast, the fortitude, industry, and manliness with which he triumphed over his difficulties—these things explain much that seems at first sight futile in his art and colour even his worst failures with a glow of purely human sympathy.
At the suggestion of the Cambridge Philosophical Society, the Syndics of the University Press decided in March, 1908, to arrange for the publication of a series of Essays in commemoration of the Centenary of the birth of Charles Darwin and of the Fiftieth anniversary of the publication of "The Origin of Species".
Mary is rooting around in the attic for old photo albums.
I change my name every year.
Cookie loves being scratched.
Tom changes his underwear once a week.
Tom spends all his time trolling Reddit.
The carriage paused at a fine residence with just a nameplate on the door.
The accounts are believed to hold as much as $18 billion in undeclared assets that until now were hidden from U.S. taxes.
Those university graduates who do manage to find work are often disappointed by their paychecks.
Meanwhile, the new Miss France, who won the crown this month, has an African-American mother and a white French father. She has vowed to incarnate the diversity seen in France today.
Museum founder and curator Bob McCoy says the Psychograph was the first piece in his large collection of ill-advised medical devices.
She said in the last 10 to 15 years, more and more unpaid interns are replacing entry-level employees, who find it difficult to get a job.
A husband-wife fossil-hunting team in Spain has excavated the skeleton of a 13 million-year-old creature they believe is close to the last common ancestor of modern great apes and humans.
As in past years, Rwanda comes out on top in the rankings, with more than 61 percent women parliamentarians. Senegal in ninth position outranks 10th placed Norway, with nearly 42 percent female representation.
She says her life is difficult, but that she has no choice than to be out here, under a broiling sun, hunched over, clawing at parched land.
Daisy Stronglin was groomed by Catholics into rejecting herself.
People who are politically ex-gay or ex-trans are almost always recent far-right Christian converts.
The Bible told Daisy Stronglin she couldn't be trans.
Daisy Stronglin didn't leave a cult; she joined one.
Carpal tunnel syndrome is a disorder caused by disturbances in nerve function (neuropathy), leading to pain and numbness or tingling (paresthesia) primarily in the wrist and hand.
Daisy Stronglin wants no one to be trans and everyone to convert to Catholicism.
Daisy Stronglin was brainwashed by far-right Catholics into rejecting science and medicine.
The moves by the internet giants signal a new willingness to moderate their sites and step into the maelstrom of facts and theories, even when prominent people are speaking.
Ted Kaczynski's bad critique of leftism has found him many supporters on the far right.
In the book, Kacou identifies some elements necessary for success—the mindsets, business models and operational techniques.
Endometriosis is a disease in which tissue that is similar to the lining of the uterus grows in other places in your body.
Salicylates are a type of drug found in many over-the-counter and prescription medicines.
When the first planets outside our Solar System were discovered recently, it was an epochal event.
No one can control their destiny.
The marsh has remained unchanged since the days when the Mohican Indians speared fish there.
The Nation’s forests have shrunk appreciably through the years, yet today almost 800 different species of native trees and hundreds of others introduced from foreign lands grow and thrive in the United States.
The Gucci, Louis Vuitton and Chanel handbags sport price tags of $200 and more, but most are pre-owned, so retail less than original sale prices.
"Poor dears!" she said, and then she looked so very sad herself that Tom and Racey took to comforting her, instead of expecting her to comfort them.
UNICEF’s representative in Ethiopia, Bjorn Ljungqvist, says short rains did not materialize, particularly affecting the areas bordering Somalia and Kenya, and a northward belt that depends on precipitation.
Turpentine is widely used as a solvent in paints, varnishes and lacquers.
Wanting to want is a strange thing.
In Christianity, a hypocrite is one of the worst things to be. In Judaism, it is best to be sincere and mindful in carrying out commandments, but it is also better to perform them without believing in them than not to perform them at all.
This question, which, like many others, is only one of a laxer or stricter use of words, seems to have greatly exercised the minds both of Aristotle and Plato.
Disabled people are disabled by a world that does not accommodate us, rather than by our unique bodies or brains.
Children look up to the grownups around them and see how the grownups around them are responding to such an event.
Los Angeles city officials say the rains have caused millions of dollars worth of damage, and they say clean-up could take months.
It's Friday; I'm done.
There would be no ISIS without George W. Bush.
Then about 10 years ago something remarkable happened as indie bookstores came back to life, many thriving and growing every year.
After bouncing along the ground on cushioning airbags for several minutes, the lander emitted strong tones confirming a safe landing, creating jubilation in the mission control room.
To the naked eye, the view of this little Pennsylvania town looks like a flashback to the past.
The new museum itself is a work of art. It is a century old grain silo on the historic waterfront in Cape Town, South Africa.
You touched on a very important topic.
You hit on a very important question.
Based on this projection, the World Bank and IMF say it’s still possible for the developing world to achieve at least one Millennium Development Goal—that of halving extreme poverty from its 1990 level.
The French-brokered agreement seeks to end a four-month rebellion by creating a power-sharing arrangement between the rebels and the government.
On a day when America commemorates its independence with July 4 fireworks displays, the U.S. space agency anticipates a celestial event that could prove hugely illuminating about the planet Jupiter and the beginnings of our solar system.
While the anguish lingers for victims' families, some experts say the events of 20 years ago should motivate nations to work harder at preventing future conflicts.
This is a refillable card used to pay for the subway system, which Bostonians call the "T."
The construction of the solar plant in southwestern Tunisia is expected to start by the end of 2016, with the first kilowatts being delivered by late 2018.
The new research provides the first solid evidence that the universe went through an extraordinary growth spurt in its first brief moments of being, a period called inflation. This unfathomably rapid rate of growth left ripples in the fabric of space—gravitational waves that Albert Einstein predicted, but that had never been detected until now.
The United Nations is spearheading a new drive to improve safety for journalists around the world.
He says extra care is necessary in Hong Kong because there is the danger that SARS or a variation of the disease could reemerge.
Dr. Thomas Jackson is a disgrace to dentistry.
Tom is an expert on the history of European dentistry.
Tom wanted to do something consequential for once.
Tom left the ministerial profession after suffering a crisis of faith.
We're learning about aseptic packaging.
Stop doing math!
They have played us for absolute fools.
Numbers were not supposed to be given names.
Regulations are written in blood.
The United Nations is appealing for $3 million in emergency aid for Guyana, which has been hit hard by recent floods.
The world’s oceans help ease climate change by absorbing carbon dioxide in a process called carbon sequestration.
Tens of millions of people living in the developing world are unregistered at birth—meaning there is no legal acknowledgement of their existence.
A research group known for exposing toxic chemicals in children's toys recently turned its attention to home improvement products such as flooring and wallpaper.
Many of these preachers traveled on horses to lead religious services in small towns and places where only a few people lived.
The author of fiction and non-fiction, Brooks lives in rural Virginia, not far from Civil War sites she describes in her novel.
Mark Shuttleworth and two crewmates landed on schedule on the steppes of Kazakhstan, near where they blasted off 10-days ago.
Gas on the right, brake on the left.
Safety regulations are written in blood.
I need some peace and quiet.
A new study from Rice University, in Houston, Texas, suggests an exoplanet simply residing in a star’s habitable zone may not be enough to determine its actual habitability.
Apple sold 37 million iPhones during the fourth quarter, including the firm's latest smart phone model, the iPhone 4S.
Analysts say in a democracy, and more specifically in the United States, the role of the press is two-fold: to inform the public and, more importantly, to act as a watchdog on government activities.
Doctor Kazura and his team of researchers tested the drug recently in Papua New Guinea. They gave the drug to two-thousand-five-hundred people living in unpopulated areas of the country. The people were injected with the drug every year for four years. Scientists found that the spread of lymphatic filariasis dropped by more than ninety-five percent. They also discovered that the treatment reduced the enlargement of the arms, legs and reproductive organs. Doctors had thought this was a permanent condition.
The filmmaker's goal is to entertain, while also making her audience think.
For 21 days in August, more than 10,000 athletes from around the world will compete in the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing. While they come in pursuit of personal dreams, they will also represent their respective countries. For spectators and supporters from the more than 200 countries participating, the Olympics are a chance to cheer for their countrymen and women. For the athletes themselves, national pride is a powerful motivator.
Phinney adapted to the 33-degree turns at the concrete track, but stopping the fixed-gear bike with no brakes proved a little embarrassing.
The report also indicates the sweltering July heat shrank both Arctic and Antarctic sea ice to historic lows.
The scientists have already selected a target they want the roving robot to explore when it sets off in several days.
At the Western Wall, a revered Jewish shrine in Jerusalem's Old City, a lone ultra-orthodox worshipper pressed his snow-covered beard against the sacred stones.
On any given day, the doctors and nurses at the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center here in Houston deal with patients from as far away as Turkey, Taiwan or Brazil. It is vitally important that the medical practitioners know every detail about their condition, their symptoms and their background.
She says physically and mentally stimulating activities are an important part of the daily care of the animals. Trainers have a lot of tools, from tablet computers to small playthings.
A nearsighted person has difficulty seeing objects clearly in the distance. A farsighted person has trouble seeing things up close. For a person with astigmatism, objects appear blurry at any distance.
That movie is so bad, it's good.
That song is so bad, it's good.
The constructed language Babm is so bad, it's good.
Miss Ashton had by degrees gathered her spirits, so far as to pay some attention to what was going on; and observing the restrained impatience of Ravenswood, contrasted with the peculiar determination of manner with which Caleb detailed his imaginary banquet, the whole struck her as so ridiculous that, despite every effort to the contrary, she burst into a fit of incontrollable laughter, in which she was joined by her father, though with more moderation, and finally by the Master of Ravenswood himself, though conscious that the jest was at his own expense.
But everywhere there are signs of the prosperity that arrived under Mr. Thaksin. Some farms have replaced buffalos with tractors and many houses boast new extensions and satellite dishes.
During its mission, the probes circled the moon, making measurements of its gravity. Scientists from MIT and the University of Paris used this data to generate a highly detailed map of the moon’s crust, showing areas where the crust thickens and thins. In general, the group observed that the moon’s near side has a thinner crust than its far side.
The two-month course began at the "Regina Apostolorum," one of Rome's prestigious pontifical universities. The course has been described as both "theoretical and practical" and is open to priests and theology students only. Teachers include exorcists and psychiatrists. One of the issues that will be addressed is how to tell the difference between someone who is possessed and someone who simply has psychological problems.
Vancouver played host again this summer to its 22nd International Jazz Festival. During the 10-day event at the end of June, a wide spectrum of music enlivened the city.
French and German leaders say they will present plans to stabilize the crisis-stricken eurozone by the end of the month. The agreement by Europe's two economic powerhouses comes ahead of a key Group of 20 summit early next month.
American swimmer Michael Phelps set a world record in the 200-meter individual medley on Sunday, touching the wall in one minute, 57.94 seconds.
Jordan, who began his NBA career in 1984, is a highly marketable athlete who has starred in movies and endorsed products.
Tom's whole manner grates on me.
Caviar, a delicacy usually associated with the sturgeon that swim in the Caspian Sea, is also being produced at an American sturgeon farm in the Western state of Idaho. Idaho caviar sells for $1 a gram at the farm, but sells for five times as much when it arrives at restaurants and stores. Lesia Bakalets traveled to the farm to see what it takes to raise sturgeons and collect their roe.
The allied troops from Russia, Prussia, Austria, Sweden and England defeated the French army, marking the beginning of the end of Napoleon's dominance over Europe.
The medical charity Alima, with help from the U.N. Children’s Fund, has started rejuvenating another health center in Bangui, installing a generator, repairing a water tank, and providing equipment, salaries and training.
More than 1.3 million people across Japan held disaster drills Monday on the 80th anniversary of the worst earthquake in the nation's history.
Though lifeguards at Newport Beach in Orange County said visitors practiced social distancing, and Orange County Supervisor Donald P. Wagner said closing the beaches would be unwise, Newsom still disapproves of thousands of people on the beaches.
The storm skirted past the capital, and rail traffic and local flights in and out of Tokyo were mostly running on schedule Thursday, after severe disruptions Wednesday. Northern Japan, however, is still seeing some transportation delays.
WHO experts say they do not know how the virus is transmitted from poultry to humans, but they believe the germs travel through the air. They say eating well-cooked meat from an infected bird does not cause the disease.
Tea is the second-most consumed beverage among adults worldwide. Only water is drunk more often. Yet despite its global appeal, tea is not as popular among Americans as coffee is, though that is changing. As new medical studies tout the health benefits of tea consumption, more Americans are giving the ancient drink from China a try. And shops like one called "Teaism" in Washington, DC, are also contributing to the drink's growing popularity.
Fiber-optic cables are the lifelines for connecting Internet users on different continents. This latest project is part of a surge in new transpacific cable construction projects, driven primarily by increasing demand in Asia.
The wave of claims by the newly unemployed has overwhelmed some state agencies that handle the paperwork, with the jobless workers forced to wait hours in line at offices or online if they were filing electronically. Jobless claim websites in some states, including New York and Oregon, have crashed in the wave of claims.
Many customers say blind masseurs and masseuses are better because they have a better sense of touch.
A microgravity ceremony ushers in a new commander of the International Space Station. An old space telescope finds something new in the cosmos. And a futuristic helmet to study astronauts’ brain waves.
Apple started taking online pre-orders for the watch on April 10 and reportedly received over 1 million pre-orders for smart watches the first day. The first shipments went out Friday along with the rollout of the watch.
When the day dawned and the cloudlets clustered red about the rising sun, the warm rays would fall upon her giving to her some hue of life, and Pygmalion's heart would beat high with the hope that a miracle had been wrought, and that his love at last had kindled a soul akin to his own in the marble statue before him.
He never set out to work in the computer field or in business, and he certainly had no notions of becoming massively wealthy. He’s a multi-billionaire, for the record. No, what Reid Hoffman planned on becoming was a professor of philosophy. He’s still happy to expound upon the differences between analytic philosophers and continental philosophers. He knows his empiricism from his logical positivism, and as you’ll hear, computers found a way into his philosophy.
As a consumer of mental health services, I have the right to make an informed choice as to the best care for me.
Tom will do anything it takes to achieve his goals.
Tom doesn't mind struggling to achieve his goals.
Tom is willing to try new things that might improve his health.
Tom wants to bring out the good in others.
German Jews aren't related to German Christians.
Tom has been getting out more lately.
What do you already have that could help you in your recovery?
This is what works for me.
It's my recovery plan; you don't have to agree with it.
Some very recent German converts to Judaism are related to German Christians.
You are one of the experts in the room when you sit with a mental health professional.
What does recovery look like to you?
What do you want for your future?
We need to review your treatment plan.
What are your goals for treatment?
What are your gifts and skills?
We're here to support you in the goals you choose to pursue.
How does your mental health condition prevent you from reaching your goals?
We don't just want you to survive, but to thrive.
I don't just want to survive, but to thrive.
What do you value most?
America was built by enslaved people.
Who is important to your life?
Who do you want to help you?
Who do you want on your team?
How do you want to live your life?
What are your dreams?
You're in charge of your own life.
We're here to help you achieve your goals.
You're an equal partner with your mental health providers in determining your treatment plan.
People need community and connection.
What is a community?
What do we mean when we say "community"?
People need community.
People need connection.
Sending people with mental health conditions off to state hospitals was always a bad idea.
People with mental health conditions have the same goals as everyone else.
What are the side effects of this medication?
I'm going to get a second opinion.
Recovery from a mental health condition isn't just about therapy and medication, but about your goals for the future.
I'd like my friend Tom to be there when we're writing my treatment plan.
People with mental health conditions need connection and community as much as anyone else.
Tom disagrees with his diagnosis.
What's something you wouldn't change about yourself?
What are you most proud of?
What makes you comfortable?
What brings you comfort?
What would your ideal job be?
What makes you feel safe?
What makes you feel unsafe?
What do you need to be more independent?
Do you have any faith or spirituality?
What do you see as the purpose of your life?
What do you see as your relationship to the world around you?
What's a goal you have given up on?
I find marijuana to be good for PTSD.
A recent study found that college students who brought water with them to exams did better than those who did not. Several other studies have also suggested a possible link between hydration and things like concentration or memory, as well as general brain functioning.
Transvestigations are proof that cis people can't always tell when someone is trans.
Margaret Chan has been Director-General of the World Health Organization for just three weeks. She exudes optimism despite the enormous task of taming a multitude of global health threats before her.
Lee is known for his silversmithing, which was introduced to the Navajo centuries ago by Spanish colonists. He uses silver to encase the jewels, which in Navajo tradition have a spirit.
Bragwaine, here is a flask of a very singular and precious sort of an elixir; for that liquor it is of such a sort that when a man and a woman drink of it together, they two shall thereafter never cease to love one another as long as they shall have life.
Her friends good-naturedly tease her as she joins in singing with Miller and the band at a special welcome back to school event.
It is not improbable that, like English poets of a later time, Layamon affected a certain archaism in language, as giving greater beauty and interest to his style.
This result is among the observatory's first group of findings, announced Thursday by exultant astronomers, who say the instrument will change the way astronomy is done.
Her little hands were folded like a suppliant’s, and her large, beautiful eyes—so accustomed to see acts of horror and cruelty—looked at me now and then, hardly daring to implore pity.
An American alligator chomps a snowy egret at the St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park in Florida.
Scientists look to explain the phenomenon of mass beaching by whales and dolphins.
Most Jews living in Israel were forced to flee there, or their family was.
Trenberth, who was not involved in the study, says he believes that it underestimates global warming's effect on sea levels.
In 1505, Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci reportedly produced a large painting, known as the “Battle of Anghiari,” on a wall in Florence’s Palazzo Vecchio. But to the naked eye, no such artwork can be seen there. The location of the mural, which depicts four horsemen in battle, has perplexed art lovers for more than five-hundred years.
Many of them have their own bakery inside the store, to provide fresh baked goods and confectionery items under one roof.
If Pa-chieh were wedded to one of the three daughters, the others would feel aggrieved. So the widow proposed to blindfold him with a handkerchief, and marry him to whichever he succeeded in catching.
Safin was clearly mentally and physically tired from a gruelling fortnight in Melbourne. He had spent nearly 19 hours on the court before reaching the final.
In 2004, U.S. government food and environment regulators cautioned pregnant women not to eat more than 340 grams or 12 ounces of fish a week, the amount in two normal servings. The aim was to reduce their exposure to mercury, which contaminates fish worldwide.
The market-place continues to maintain its former dimensions, and constitutes the favourite resort of the juvenile portion of the population.
Lawmakers from elsewhere in the nation have also criticized the proposed move, saying it represents a backsliding of democratic progress.
The company offers rebates and incentives for water-saving devices, including low-flow toilets. It also encourages the use of outdoor sprinkler controllers that cut back on water use in the rainy season.
Fourteen thousand years ago, camels, mastodons and giant armadillo-like animals called Glyptodons, to name a few, lived in the area in abundance, but went extinct 10,000 to 11,000 years ago.
A park in Florida entertains tourists and enlightens behavioral experts.
In the Hall of African Mammals and the Rainforest, Jennifer explains the preciousness of the environment. One young camper understands her message immediately.
What's the world coming to when middle-aged men and women, many with respectable jobs, paint their whole bodies in their favorite team's colors, then go berserk for the camera at football games?
You aren't just a trauma victim; you're a survivor.
You're extraordinarily resilient.
People recover from trauma.
You can recover from your trauma.
How did you recover from that?
How did you bounce back from that?
Tom has CPTSD.
Tom has complex post-traumatic stress disorder.
People come back from all sorts of things.
People are very resilient in general.
Unlike a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group, it is not strictly possible to eradicate trans people, because they will always be born.
How do we bounce back from this?
Tom stepped on a landmine.
Tom's leg was blown off after he stepped on a landmine.
"I think trauma is a gift." "I think anything it teaches us wasn't worth it."
Give back to others.
Give back some of what you've been given.
We do better when we help each other.
Tom doesn't make bad choices; he copes with his trauma using unhealthy means. It's the best way of coping he knows right now.
Not everyone bounces back from trauma immediately.
I got my script refilled.
My script should be ready in half an hour.
Politicians lie.
This is not a place of honor.
Americans are tired of Republicans' bullshit.
Ohio voters approved abortion rights and legal weed.
Russian authorities say a mini-submarine plumbing the depths of Lake Baikal has found several shiny metal objects that could be evidence of the legendary Czarist gold lost nearly a century ago during the country's civil war.
The World Health Organization estimates that 2.5 billion people — more two-fifths of the world's population — are at risk of infection with Dengue fever, a mosquito-borne illness that in its worst form can cause death.
The province has also ramped up infection-control measures that came into effect Monday.
The cassowary is usually considered to be the world’s most dangerous bird, at least where humans are concerned, although ostriches and emus can also be dangerous.
Built in the mid-1850s, the hospital was an infirmary for soldiers in the American Civil War and later played a critical role in the development of modern psychotherapy techniques.
On the night of August 16 along a stretch of newly-constructed road 4-16 km. NNE of Felipe Carrillo Puerto, 27 potoos were seen, their large and brilliant, amber-colored eyes first appearing in the headlights several hundred yards ahead of our vehicle.
What they found is that the DNA is related to the mitochondrial genome of Denisovans, extinct relatives of Neandertals who lived primarily in Asia, not Europe.
Officials say the plane performed flawlessly and that, weather permitting, it may start its journey as soon as March 3.
I fill up my humidifier, pull down the blind over my window, and tuck myself in between a pair of well-worn, scratchy cotton sheets.
There will be a Japanese tea room, an art gallery, a "flea" market — or a market that sells secondhand goods outdoors — and fun entertainment like taiko drumming, cosplay actors, samurai sword masters, J-rock bands, stand-up comics and dance parties, according to Time Out.
Tom is a bit of a grouser.
Most money is stored off the premises.
Smile! You're on closed circuit TV.
The cash register cannot be opened without a purchase.
All bills kept on premises are marked.
My plan to rob a store was thwarted.
Why would witches have green skin?
The strong hurricanes bearing down on the Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico this year have caused renewed interest in predicting these violent tropical cyclones. Forecasting them has improved significantly in the last 25 years, providing more lead time for evacuation and other protective measures. But, it is still an imprecise science that needs a lot of fine-tuning.
Do not I know my godson? have not I been enabled to read every thought in Van Baerle’s mind, and every sentiment in his heart? You ask whether he is strong or weak. He is neither the one nor the other; but that is not now the question. The principal point is, that he is sure not to divulge the secret, for the very good reason that he does not know it himself.
Studio estimates on November 11 had Jerry Seinfeld's animated comedy totalling $72.2 million in total receipts.
Now, being determined to rest, Goldilocks went upstairs into the bedchamber in which the Three Bears slept.
Across the street from the Saxman totem park, native carver Lee Wallace spends his days creating new totems in an old garage turned carving shed.
University of Rochester neonatologist Sanjiv Amin explains that late in pregnancy, a process known as myelination occurs in the brain and nervous system. It's how the brain creates its wiring. Iron is important for myelination, and without it being provided during that period, then myelination may not occur adequately or optimally.
The U.S. Geological Survey reported the earthquake hit about 230 kilometers southwest of Dalbandin in Pakistan's Balochistan province, which is bordered by Afghanistan and Iran.
Since then, Indian white-backed vulture numbers have plummeted from 30 or 40 million birds to just thousands. This massive decline has left scientists scratching their heads about how many vultures are left in central and south Asia and other parts of the world. Because vultures move around a lot, it's been hard to keep track of individuals. There's never been an accurate total population count — anywhere. That's where Katzner and the National Aviary come in.
Bitcoin uses more energy than most nations.
Bitcoin destroys the planet so billionaires can launder money.
The speech has been misquoted so often that it's become — I can't think of any other way to say this — an alternative fact.
On March 23, Ed will be among several star acts premiering new videos at the YouTube Music Awards.
Vacation in the coastal rain forests of North America offers the author a chance to decompress and enjoy the sights, sounds, tastes, smells and textures of nature that have been absent from his life for the past year.
NASA scientists said on Tuesday that the Phoenix Mars Lander has detected the apparent presence of a chemically reactive salt called perchlorate in the Martian soil. Perchlorate is a toxic material that's used in rocket fuel, but the scientists said its presence doesn't lessen the possibility that Mars has or once had some kind of life on it.
Roger Waters was found this morning in his hotel room, tragically alive.
"What's up, kitty-cat?" "MEOW!" "Really? Wow!"
Traumatized people often don't believe in their own worth as human beings.
Trauma affects gene expression.
Adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) affect health outcomes for a person's entire life.
War is bad for children.
A society that allows poverty hates children.
My care coordinator is Tom.
I love kittens and puppies.
I'm secular.
We're secular.
Tom is secular.
We're a secular family.
We're pagans.
We're Buddhists.
We're a pagan family.
The light's green.
You've got a green light.
You've got an arrow.
You've got a green arrow.
You can't turn right on red here.
There's a cop.
There's a speed trap up ahead.
I can drive if you want a break.
Let's switch at this rest stop.
We're a Buddhist family.
We're Zoroastrian.
This is Cookie. He's a hedgehog.
Tom converted to Mormonism.
Tom converted to the Baha'i Faith.
Tom told me John told you that.
Tom told me what John told you.
Tom and John make such a cute couple.
Tom's in the fox suit.
Did Albert Einstein really say that?
I wish I could go back in time and meet Carl Sagan.
Is that Cookie?
I hope the voices don't start up again.
That's an earthworm.
You have thick hair.
I was reckless and overly trusting.
They were creeps.
You've been trying to protect yourself.
When should we plant the pepper seeds?
It's what's for dinner.
Have you tried cognitive behavioral therapy?
Tom converted to satanism.
Tom converted to Wicca.
Tom joined the Moonies.
Tom joined the Hare Krishnas.
Mary did the school run yesterday because Tom had an early meeting.
It's been a mediocre year for Provencal lavender farmers like Mr. Cassan — unseasonable hail and a dry spell pared their yields.
Tom told his doctor that he'd like to be weaned off his medication.
Information from the Mars Odyssey spacecraft shows that the U.S. space agency NASA will have to take strong measures to shield visitors from the radiation that is pelting the planet.
Hunting for ivory on the African continent has tripled, and elephants now are facing their gravest crisis in decades, according to the U.N. Environmental Protection Agency and other conservation groups.
The national historical park is 22 hectares. It covers 20 city blocks of Philadelphia’s historic area. Within these city blocks are some of the most important places in American history.
Stegosaurs dwindled in the Cretaceous and appear to have gone extinct before the end of the period.
Restricting trans bathroom use leads to the sexual assault of trans people.
There is no evidence that allowing trans people to use the bathroom of their gender leads to increased sexual assault of cis people.
The stegosaurs were herbivorous, quadrupedal ornithischians with large projecting plates down the back and heavy spikes on their tails.
Where defects are uncurable, the teacher must show how they may be palliated and sometimes even converted into graces.
The particle lies at the heart of the fundamental question of why there is mass in the universe. Finding the Higgs boson would be one of the biggest scientific advances in more than half-a-century. It would confirm the Standard Model’s description of how subatomic particles interact to form the basic building blocks of the universe.
New data shows the Ebola outbreak intensifying in Sierra Leone, even as it stabilizes or drops off in other West African countries.
Tom squats in an abandoned library.
The DOJ says that in 2015, its Wildlife Trafficking Task Force campaign, aimed at dissuading consumers from buying illegal wildlife or wildlife products, reached tens of millions of people in the United States and Asia.
Can you please print these?
Can you please print this?
Oh, please.
You'll catch Ebola.
By the way, the goal of the 1000 Genomes project isn't to sequence the genetic code of exactly 1,000 people. Instead, the aim is to identify genetic variations that occur in at least one out of every 100 people or one percent. In particular, that will require using genetic material from many thousands of people from all over the world. And it will need to include a lot more geographic diversity. Only a handful of genomes from Latin America and Africa have been sequenced so far.
Tom is such a goody-goody.
It was the star lot of Sotheby's jewelry auction at its annual spring sales in Hong Kong: a flawless, pear-shaped, 72-carat diamond, as big as a walnut.
One of the challenges to designing prosthetics, or exoskeletons for the disabled, is that everyone is different. Technology designed to help a person walk or get around doesn't work very well when it is built to be one-size-fits-all. But scientists at Carnegie Mellon University have figured out a quick, easy way to make each prosthetic different.
How common is it in your country for students to work at the universities where they study? What is the work-study experience like there?
I worked while studying.
Those beans were good.
But one there was who didn't care, / Whatever the furious storm might dare, / A wonderful, hook-nosed bright-eyed fellow / In a thin brown cape and a cap of yellow / That perched on his dripping coal-black hair.
In addition, Leonardo determined, before Galileo, the center of gravity of any pyramid and of a tetrahedral, or four-sided body.
I need a new body.
I need a new brain.
I'm out of tissues.
Would you like a tissue?
Your voice carries. You call Tom.
When will we be there?
He doesn't like to be picked up.
Steal from large corporate chains.
You have to tell me.
My ride is arriving at 2:30.
My ride is coming at 2:30.
Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president?
I don't see what choice I have.
I'll be there in 45 minutes.
Tom wrote an Icelandic-style saga in Esperanto.
We're going over the bridge now.
The Amazon River is the longest and widest in the world.
Tom did a sad puppy face.
Cookie is a hamster.
Tom converted to Pastafarianism.
Now as I allowed my glance to rove along the dim-lighted hall in the direction of the two bed-chambers, it was at once arrested by some small—and at the distance, indistinguishable—object lying in the centre of the floor a few feet beyond the two doors.
He stopped right where he was, and his brown face grew tense with round-eyed wonder.
After successfully flying their solar-powered plane from Spain to Morocco in 2012, and across the U.S. in 2013, Swiss aeronautical enthusiasts are now getting ready to attempt a flight around the world next year.
Nationwide, it is estimated that 700 million of the country's billion-plus people defecate in the open.
Japan and Southeast Asian countries have wrapped up a summit in Tokyo, pledging to create an East Asia economic community that includes free-trade agreements and aid. Japan also agreed to sign a non-aggression treaty with the 10 members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The U.S. space agency, NASA, says astronauts aboard the International Space Station will perform a previously unscheduled spacewalk Saturday to deal with an ammonia coolant leak outside the station.
By the time he was 20, when he was caught, he had cashed millions of dollars in phony checks.
He is one of the most respected cricketers in the world, both on and off the field.
The site is no ordinary Internet chatroom. It's a simulated classroom in which pupils and tutors can talk by microphone and share a writing surface on the computer screen.
The book hit stores Wednesday in France, the first country to publish it. But despite the furor the book has stirred in the press, many French readers appear underwhelmed.
At a WHA conference here, Magaret Chan, WHO’s director-general, kicked off a panel discussion on Ebola with a cheery note — a reminder that Liberia had been declared Ebola-free May 9.
Symptoms may include: “pinpoint” pupils and blurred vision, difficulty breathing, muscle twitching, excess saliva and other secretions, impaired judgment, seizures and unconsciousness.
Roughly 50 meters away, past the vegetable section, fishmongers are scaling their produce. Demand in fish has gone up, and has created a shortage. Wholesale fish prices have risen by about 30 percent.
On a sunny, winter day the hypnotic melody of the snake charmer's flute echoes across a crafts bazaar in the Indian capital. But no snakes are swaying to the rhythm — only a small group of Indian and foreign tourists listen to the entrancing music played by former snake charmers.
Michael Yates remembers recently seeing footage of a South Asian woman who woke up in the middle of the night surrounded by water. She grabbed her children and fled to higher ground, but left everything behind in the flooding, as he recalls. Yates, the director for the U.S. Agency for International Development’s mission in Asia, said that inexpensive tools like early warning systems might have helped this woman minimize her losses.
Aside from government action, the Biden administration has called on private businesses, which most often are blindsided by the ransomware attacks, to modernize their cyber defenses to meet the threat.
On Valentine's Day, every girl yearns for a candle-lit dinner in a fancy restaurant with good company.
While there are multitudes of surveys on the internet, not all adhere to the same rigorous standards as the polling agencies that have been taking the public temperature for years.
Scientists at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, after analyzing data from NASA's Kepler space telescope, calculated that six percent of the galaxy's 75 billion red dwarf stars have potentially habitable, Earth-sized planets. Red dwarfs — which are smaller, cooler and much dimmer than our own Sun — are the most common stars in the galaxy, so the closest Earth-like planet could be just 13 light years away, the astronomers conclude in their new study.
A trepanned skull was also discovered in a Neolithic sepulchre near Crécy-sur-Morin, where lay no less than thirty skeletons, remarkable for the strongly defined section of the tibiae, whilst around were strewn hatchets, flint knives, bones, stilettos and picks of siliceous limestone with handles made of pieces of stag-horn.
In the latest in a series of tests, the new tuberculosis treatment, called PaMZ, outperformed current drugs, clearing twice as much TB bacteria from patients’ saliva.
Self-awareness means you recognize both your good points and bad points. A person who is self-aware understands that what they say and do affects the people around them.
We all believed Tom.
We were all fooled by Tom.
Malcolm's mother was the sister of the Earl of Northumberland. So the son of Duncan was half-English; and he became more than half-English when, somewhat later, he married Margaret, sister of his friend and guest, "Edgar the Atheling," last claimant of the Saxon throne, who had taken refuge with him while vainly plotting against William the Conqueror.
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin signed into law last month a measure that granted teachers pay increases of more than $6,000 and funneled tens of millions of additional dollars to public schools.
You can do it high.
Roughly 253 scientists from 21 countries worked for five years to decipher the genetic blueprints of the single-cell parasites that cause sleeping sickness, leishmaniasis and Chagas disease. Experts say the disease-causing protozoa, which affect 500 million people in the tropics and sub-tropics at any one time, look identical under the microscope, but are spread by different flying insects.
The U.S. space agency NASA has been probing the solar system with an increasingly sophisticated contingent of orbiting telescopes, satellites, and spacecraft throughout its 50 year history.
Scientists say that as the meltwater fills the sub-glacial lakes it brings with it stored heat — called latent heat — from the surface’s comparatively warm atmosphere which then softens the surrounding ice.
The first reported celebration of Christopher Columbus’s arrival took place in the United States in 1792. Later, some Italian-Americans began celebrating the Italian explorer as part of their cultural history. In the 1930s, Columbus Day became a national holiday.
I'm tired of lazy bothsidesism.
The zaza got me speaking Esperanto.
What's the word for an attempt to exterminate an entire people? The word "genocide" is too weak.
Many Chinese women have now joined their Western counterparts in a daily regimen of cleansing, exfoliation, toning and moisturizing their skin, each with a different product.
Many visitors come to the park to view wildlife. One of the most popular places to do so is in an area called Cades Cove. Here, visitors can see white-tailed deer, the dog-like coyote, turkeys, and yes, black bears.
The concept of grand juries date from 12th century England, where they were established to protect commoners from overzealous prosecution by the king.
The robot is modeled after the speedy basilisk lizard, which walks on water at speeds of 1.5 meters per second in the rain forests of Central and South America.
Widespread unemployment and disillusionment about the political process have kept many young people away from the polls in this year's elections.
Starting in the early morning and avoiding the open roads, he made his way by by-paths, and at noon of the following day reached the town of Flensburg, where he fortunately met some Saxon traders driving a herd of cattle from Jutland to Germany.
The study examined everything from how a company rewards its employees to how it communicates with, recruits and trains them.
There is an essential oil produced from this pungent grass which is known in commerce as citronella, a delightful and universally favorite extract.
The maps show illegal tree cutting, mining and road development in areas once thought to be undamaged forest land.
Hyundai says the technology can capture enough solar energy to charge 30 to 60 percent of the vehicle’s battery. The company estimates that with six hours of daily charging, the system could increase a driver’s yearly travel distance by 1,300 kilometers.
The Election Complaints Commission, a U.N.-funded watchdog, is ordering all ballots from suspect polling stations recounted and audited.
Supporters of the code, more than a decade in the making, praised it as enhancing the rights of women and girls, who they say have been traditionally viewed as second-class citizens.
There are effective treatments for depression. But some, like lithium, carry significant and even dangerous side effects. So researchers are now looking at a number of unconventional approaches to treating depression.
Jordan Peterson isn't harassed on campus enough.
It would be interesting to know how a costermonger could have made all that money by the sale of apples, oranges, and greens.
This is not a complete, iron-clad, never-changing rule book. Rather, think of this as a general guide to discuss a few key concepts and introduce several tools that can help you keep the Internet relatively free and safe.
Present day Benin was the site of Dahomey, a West African kingdom that rose to prominence in about 1600 and over the next two and a half centuries became a regional power.
French Dahomey achieved independence in 1960 and changed its name to the Republic of Benin in 1975.
The dog padded silently through tall, wild grass growing beside the creek. He drooled at the odor of food, but because painful experience had taught him to be very careful in all dealings with men, he did not go any nearer. He licked his chops with a moist tongue and excitement danced in his eyes. How he would love to be near that fire, partaking of the food and the caresses of the young man!
The family also spent time in Bali, Borneo, Vietnam, Cambodia, and Nepal. They backpacked, snorkeled, and got a close up view of animals few American children see except in zoos, but they saw disturbing evidence as well of how human activities can affect the environment. Zoe Glick read an excerpt from her journal.
British soldiers looted the Kingdom of Benin in what is currently Edo state in Nigeria, during a punitive military expedition in 1897.
The president says class-action lawsuits are an effective way for large groups of plaintiffs to seek justice against corporate wrongdoing. He says the goal of the new law is to ensure that lawyers do not manipulate class-action suits for personal gain.
The promise to return several Benin Bronzes from three Western institutions to the former Kingdom of Benin in Nigeria was celebrated by many.
I demand satisfaction!
Their recordings have sold in the multi-millions, and their concerts have been some of the most exciting in rock history.
Unseasonable rains and hailstorms have damaged wide swathes of crops in India, one of the world’s biggest producers of commodities such as wheat. The government has promised to enhance compensation for millions of farmers, who are staring at huge losses.
Hybrids use both the familiar gasoline engine and an electric motor in a clever combination governed by computer. The end result is greater fuel economy and less air pollution.
The youth, caked in dust, was fitted with a neck brace before he was carried away on a stretcher and raced to a field hospital. But health care workers said he had suffered only minor cuts and bruises. The boy said he stayed alive by eating a jar of ghee, clarified butter, that he found in the darkness of the debris he was trapped in.
Despite a national fascination with everything new and shiny, there is a portion of America that is focused on the old and quirky. Antiquing is, in part, a search for our history, says antiques appraiser Connie Sue Davenport.
Californians are bracing for what could be the next big earthquake. Scientists have developed a new early warning system relying on sensors and an algorithm to help prepare.
He said his friend could be exasperating at times because of his irresponsible nature, but that most people liked him.
Henry Kissinger was once considered a sex symbol.
Henry Kissinger has been alive too long.
The government has questioned the objectivity of one team member and has called for him to be replaced.
Early in the space shuttle program, during the STS-7 mission, a tiny paint fleck hurtling through space hit a shuttle window, causing so much damage the entire window had to be replaced.
Olsson says testimony before the court has established the defendants as highly-regarded investigative journalists with extensive experience in challenging and sometimes dangerous environments.
Propellers whirred on the slim airplane's long wings as Swiss pilot Andre Borschberg set out to make history by flying a solar-powered airplane through day and night, without fuel.
If you are allowed to use a calculator on the exam, make sure you have one that is approved. Go to the official testing website and double check. One student I tutored brought a sophisticated graphing calculator to the test, only to be told that he couldn’t use it. Don’t let this happen to you.
And, Pierrot, next time we pass a fine periwinkle thou hadst best jump down and pluck a fresh bunch for my Barbo’s ears.
He knew that Mr. Welland, who was behaving "very handsomely," already had his eye on a newly built house in East Thirty-ninth Street. The neighbourhood was thought remote, and the house was built in a ghastly greenish-yellow stone that the younger architects were beginning to employ as a protest against the brownstone of which the uniform hue coated New York like a cold chocolate sauce; but the plumbing was perfect.
News stories across the country have been full of business owners and executives bemoaning their inability to fill open positions in recent weeks.
She owns a small hair-dressing salon, which, she says, desperately needs renovation and new equipment in order to succeed.
Mr. Yushchenko generally leans toward a free market economy while the populist Ms. Tymoshenko favors government regulation.
After NASA published the job description, a nine-year-old boy from the state of New Jersey wrote a letter to NASA. He told the space agency that he believes he is the right person for the job.
In 1939, when Julian made his discovery, steroids were already recognized as a treatment for certain diseases. But as actor Ruben Santiago-Hudson, who portrays Julian in the documentary film, points out, the chemist's discovery made them more affordable.
At the recent American Association for the Advancement of Science convention in Boston, I heard a guy talking about a partly frozen foam with ice crystals and air bubbles, with flocculated fat globules surrounding the air bubbles, and proteins and emulsifiers surrounding the flocculated fat globules. My mind began drifting until I realized he was actually talking about ice cream, one of my favorite topics. Only then did I begin to realize that ice cream scientists take their work as seriously as brain surgeons and rocket scientists, maybe more so.
During the first day's session, more than 20 red-robed justices listened patiently as the opposition spent hours arguing its case. The court adjourned late Monday without issuing any formal ruling.
The platypus is a mammal with a duck-like bill, thick fur that’s much like an otter’s, and a tail similar to a beaver’s. It has webbed feet and reproduces by laying eggs rather than giving birth like other mammals.
Shoes have long since stopped serving only their utilitarian purpose. Over the centuries, shoes have evolved not just to protect feet but also to declare their owners' social status — and sometimes to be worn as treasured objects of art. To honor humanity's sometimes pricey passion for shoes and trace the world's history through footwear, New York's Historical Society has opened a new exhibit, appropriately called, "Walk This Way."
I woke up the next morning, like I always do, when my phone began buzzing. I snoozed it for five or ten more minutes and finally brought myself to sit up on my bed. From there I could look out my window to the river, which looked so pretty with the shining sun. I started my day by looking at the river, and at my family’s pictures which I have hung up on my wall in front of my bed.
The number of times a child was bullied correlated to their adult levels of C-reactive protein, which rises in response to a variety of stressors, including poor nutrition, lack of sleep and psychosocial factors.
Hillsborough was the ninety-sixth winery in the state when it opened in two thousand three. Now, there are almost twice as many across Virginia. They can be found in the mountains, valleys, and all along the coastal area.
Although the young man realized he was being tailed and tried to escape, he was captured.
How could someone steal a backhoe?
How often do you think about the Roman Empire?
Before Tom could make his aim certain, Jim Travers popped in front, so in line with the beast that the young marksman could not fire at one without risk of hitting the other.
Since 2000, park biologists have collaborated with acousticians at the U.S. Navy and others in an effort to understand more about Glacier Bay’s underwater sound environment.
The cargo Endeavour brings to the space station includes a new kitchen, bathroom, water recycler and sleeping quarters. Once in place, the living quarters and support systems will allow the crew size to double from three to six full-time residents by May.
While there has been extensive research into tornadoes and their formation in the last 2 decades, we are still just scratching the surface of understanding one of nature’s most devastating phenomenons.
He was a poor scholar and loved to play “hookey,” preferring the great outdoors to the crowded class-room. His marks were very poor as the result. But he was a voracious reader of literature.
The teleconference followed a state council executive meeting Monday that introduced 33 economic stimulus measures, including increased tax refunds, extended loans to small businesses, emergency loans to the aviation industry, and measures to promote auto and real estate sales.
During a speech in Washington Thursday, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon said a new multilateral approach is necessary to prevent hunger and improve health care, education and global security. He said the economic crisis demonstrates the world's interdependence in the most visible way.
The ceiling of the Hall of Ocean Life was once crowded with whale skeletons, models of porpoises, and a giant squid. But the giant blue whale model muscled the others out as part of a mid-1960s renovation, and has reigned there since.
The early stage gum disease, gingivitis, occurs when oral bacteria forms a biofilm or plaques on teeth. This dental plaque can then harden into tartar which then must be scraped away by dentists.
The evil Seth put out the eye of the young Horus. The mother of Horus called for help. Her cry was answered by Thoth, the god of learning and magic. Thoth, with his wisdom and special powers, healed the eye of Horus. And the child was able to see again.
The new EPA rules require the dirtiest power plants to reduce emissions of mercury, arsenic, chromium, nickel and acid gases by more than 90 percent within the next three-to-four years or be shut down.
Start the car up and let it run for a while.
Tom's car blew a gasket.
How much would it cost to replace the head gasket on this car?
According to Judaism, Satan is an angel in the service of God.
Judaism sees Satan as tempting people for the sake of heaven.
Tom pressed the "snooze" button on his alarm clock and went back to sleep.
We're making guacamole.
I can take you over here.
They insulted the baby to ward off the evil eye.
Fire it up!
We watched The Thing.
I died yesterday.
I'm a revenant.
I'm a phantom.
I came back to life.
There's no escape from this.
I hear cats.
I hear bats.
I hear Tat.
I heard a pot fall.
I heard a lot.
It hurts a lot.
Reality is nothing like reality TV.
I found the film entertaining.
The Sydney to Hobart race is a test of character. Crew members go sleepless, suffer seasickness and fight monster waves on their journey down Australia's southeast coast.
Athletes have to focus on five disciplines each day, starting with the 100-meter sprint, long jump, shot put, high jump and 400-meter run. The second day includes the 110-meter hurdles, discus throw, pole vault, javelin throw and 1,500-meter race. Competitors accumulate points based on their performance. Roman Sebrle of the Czech Republic holds the world record of 9,026 points.
The baby's first days will be steeped in tradition including the presentation to the newborn of a samurai sword by an imperial courtier. The baby's first bath was to be an ancient purification ritual, with musicians serenading outside the bathhouse.
Choosing Lagarde as the International Monetary Fund's new boss was a foregone conclusion after she won the backing of the IMF's heavyweights — the United States, Russia, China and the Europeans. Hours before the vote, US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner praised what he called her "exceptional talent and broad experience."
He, too, had said, in vibrating tones, that he loved her. He had begged her to give him a chance; implored that she would let him try to be worthy. As if, poor fellow, he ever could come up to her standard! What girl of her breeding would think of him twice when there were blue-blooded, perfectly-groomed Greek gods like Tony Severance on earth?
Scientists talked about the future of regenerative medicine, which combines the body’s ability to heal itself with progress in biomedical engineering.
In some places, farmers are using "detection trees." These have an area where bark has been cut away. The area circles the tree and is called a girdle. The girdling process weakens the trees. It makes them easier targets for borers, and shows if the insects are nearby.
One thing. I want my Republican colleagues to give me one thing. One. That I can go campaign on and say we did. One!
The role of Satan in Judaism has been compared to that of a prosecuting attorney.
Libya enjoys a Mediterranean climate near the coast, but inland lies a bone-dry, sandy desert. Only about 1 percent of Libya’s land is arable, and only a fraction of that land supports permanent crops. The sandy desert provides plentiful material for dust storms.
Scientists from the ANO Laboratory of Prehistory in Saint Petersburg did the research. They proposed that huge volcanic explosions caused the Neanderthals to die out in Western Europe. As evidence, they point to the Caucasus Mountains of southern Russia.
Green and black tea come from the same plant, known as Camellia sinensis. But black tea is processed in a way that allows it to quickly oxidize, meaning that it usually has much lower levels of those precious catechins that Dr. Hara and other researchers rave about.
It is clear that in the year 208 B.C., at least, Hasdrubal outmanoeuvred Publius Scipio, who held the command of the Roman forces in Spain; and whose object was to prevent him from passing the Pyrenees and marching upon Italy.
We failed Tom.
But just two hours later, the new president adopted a more conciliatory tone. "Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views." That tweet was retweeted 81,527 times, making it the 10th most retweeted of his first year.
Inside polling stations, voters marked their paper ballots behind closed curtains, before dropping them into an opaque plastic box. Civil servants overseeing the election then daubed voters' thumbs with indelible ink to prevent anyone from voting twice.
In ways befitting an intellectual luminary, for Mr. Jackson was awarded the prestigious, $25 million MacArthur "genius" grant, he takes the conversation in a hundred directions, not all of which the uninitiated listener can follow.
The storekeeper was silent for so long, staring straight ahead of him at the stove, that the girls thought they, also, had been forgotten. Then suddenly he looked up and smiled toothlessly at Mary, nodding his grizzly head many times before he spoke.
"Oh!" said Allen, at this double insult. But Mrs. Hill laid her hand on his arm, and the touch quietened him. It was useless to be angry with so irresponsible a creature as Mr. Hill.
Doctor Heidegger's office was a very strange place. The dark room was filled with books, cobwebs, and dust. An old mirror hanging between two bookcases was said to show the ghosts of all the doctor's dead patients.
While the size of its genome is about the same as a human’s, the salmon’s genetic code is more complicated. Instead of two copies of each gene, the salmon has four.
The first phase of construction may begin next year and would fill 80 hectares in Shanghai's Pudong development area. Shanghai is China's largest and richest city and considered a lucrative market for the country's fast-growing domestic tourism industry.
His lawyers argued that his conviction was based on what they said were legal and factual mistakes, and that he should be acquitted or retried because others were responsible for atrocities.
The man usually gives the woman a diamond engagement ring. That tradition is said to have started when Archduke Maximilian of Austria gave a diamond ring to the woman he wanted to marry. The diamond represented beauty.
Summarizing the panel's new report, Dr. Koplan says reversing the obesity epidemic will require a multifaceted approach by schools, families, communities, the food and entertainment industries, and governments at all levels.
If our eyes were sensitive to magnetospheric emissions, Jupiter would look more than twice the diameter of the full moon in the sky.
Engineers and scientists have been thrilled with high-resolution pictures sent by Spirit. Project team members are anticipating close-up analysis of rock samples. Brett Lindenfeld of Alliance SpaceSystems helped design and build the robotic arm on the two rovers, which will conduct that analysis, and says he felt exhilarated to see the arm in action.
Viewers of feature movies on videocassette are long familiar with an FBI warning against unauthorized copying. That warning is being updated and made available for DVDs, music, software and computer games. Many Internet downloads will now also include a version, complete with the FBI seal. The text warns that it is illegal to reproduce or distribute copyrighted material, and infringements are punishable by five years in prison and a fine of $250,000.
Electrophoresis is a laboratory technique used to separate DNA, RNA or protein molecules based on their size and electrical charge. An electric current is used to move the molecules through a gel or other matrix. Pores in the gel or matrix work like a sieve, allowing smaller molecules to move faster than larger molecules. To determine the size of the molecules in a sample, standards of known sizes are separated on the same gel and then compared to the sample.
Experts say the challenge now will be trying to decide how to distribute a swine flu vaccine. Since the seasonal flu virus vaccine that is in production for the coming flu season is not effective against H1N1, Andrew Pekosz of the Johns Hopkins University says public health officials will need to decide whether to incorporate it into the existing vaccine or make a standalone inoculation.
Other FDA-approved drugs on the list of potential treatments in the latest study include antibiotics, anticoagulants, medicines to prevent against organ rejection and treatments for inflammation.
Whether and how alcohol affects a medication’s safety and effectiveness should be noted on the medication’s prescribing label.
NOAA posted a video to YouTube of the octopus sitting on the ocean floor and wiggling its arms. It has more than 200,000 views since March 3.
In the latest report, World Health Organization Director General Dr. Lee Jong Wook writes that water and sanitation are the most important determinants of public health. Dr. Lee says wherever people have reliable access to safe water and sanitation, they have won a major battle against a wide range of diseases.
The U.N. human rights office condemns the rise of antisemitic incidents in Europe and the United States and urges governments to redouble efforts to combat all forms of racism and intolerance.
The picture of Alexander Hamilton appears on the ten-dollar bill. Hamilton was never president. But he was the first Secretary of the Treasury and one of the Founding Fathers. He was also an economist and political philosopher.
Genetically modified foods have been controversial ever since they were introduced. But a new variety of GM soybean nearing commercialization promises to deliver health benefits that could change how people think about agricultural biotechnology.
Nearby, a child scrambles up the side of a mountain of trash, scouring the rubbish for anything usable or salable.
The scientists used different kinds of atoms in their experiments. The American team used laser beams to teleport the properties of an atom of beryllium, a kind of metal. The team in Austria used a calcium atom. All the atoms were ions. This means they had an electric charge.
Cris’ comment coming through my high definition tv made me think if it was still true that “you had to be there.” Comparing what I saw in “real definition,” I can attest watching on modern television is in many ways better. The close up perspectives, sweeping panoramic shots, super slow motion replays all display the action as you could never see it from a stadium seat or standing on the sidelines.
Your pocketbook is not going to be transformed into a Fortunatus’s purse, which shall be always full of money without effort on your part.
Mildred raised her eyes with a start of apprehension. There was a moment’s silence, during which a curious change came over the girlish face. The colour faded from the cheeks, the eyes hardened, the lips set themselves in a thin, straight line.
The land itself was a desolation, lifeless, without movement, so lone and cold that the spirit of it was not even that of sadness. There was a hint in it of laughter, but of a laughter more terrible than any sadness—a laughter that was mirthless as the smile of the sphinx, a laughter cold as the frost and partaking of the grimness of infallibility.
The dream is over, / The vision has flown; / Dead leaves are lying / Where roses have blown; / Wither'd and strown / Are the hopes I cherished,— / All hath perished / But grief alone.
He winked one eye expressively and jerked his head toward the kitchen. His actions were full of meaning.
Left undisturbed in their secluded habitats, they subsisted by hunting with bows and arrows, fishing and gathering wild fruit. Never large, the tribes' populations have shrunk over the past several decades, in part because of increased contact with outsiders, who carry diseases the tribes can not fend off.
As we entered this large cage, the sheriff opening the iron door, a number of jail-birds were singing merrily, not for liberty, but enjoying such captivity.
By a microscope, the bug will be seen to have eight legs, two feelers, and an abdomen something egg-shaped; colour livid red; and in size no bigger than the point of a small needle. They lacerate the epidermis in some way or other, as a small hole is observable where they have been seated; and cause extreme itching and considerable inflammation of the part.
Outside of the United States, the next eclipse will occur in 2019 and will be viewable from the South Pacific, Chile, and Argentina.
The center has had ten years of experience dealing with the mental health and acculturation issues of vulnerable immigrants and refugees. The director of the center, clinical psychologist Dennis Hunt, says the first step is to overcome the stigma attached to mental problems in many cultures.
Orthography is less essential to language than orthoepy; since all languages are spoken, whilst but a few languages are written. Orthography presupposes orthoepy. Orthography addresses itself to the eye, orthoepy to the ear. Orthoepy deals with the articulate sounds that constitute syllables and words; orthography treats of the signs by which such articulate sounds are expressed in writing.
Over time, that calcium carbonate forms tall, rocky seamounts around the methane vents. Victoria Orphan suspected that these rocky areas served as a shelter for sea life. So she found a submersible — a small vehicle like a submarine — and went down 800 meters to the sea floor to prove it.
You might admire the potatoes or the mutton, but you must not talk on any other subject. Nor was it safe even to do that, because if you said, "What capital potatoes!" you were immediately helped to another plateful, and had to finish them, want them or not.
The dozen women Boyle profiles in her book, Defying Gravity: A Celebration of Late Blooming Women, include a homemaker who was elected to the Connecticut House of Representatives at age 48, a 47-year-old breast cancer survivor who discovered an eye for photography, and a medical technician who became an anthropology professor.
A variety of celery, called celeriac, is cultivated in certain European countries, notably Germany, the root only, which is large and fleshy, being eaten.
Now go to the ball, Cinderella; but remember, if you stay one moment after midnight, your coach will instantly become a pumpkin, your horses will be mice, your coachman a rat, and your footmen lizards. And you? You will be once more only a cinder-maid in a ragged frock and with bare feet.
Brevity and conciseness characterize this volume and it is planned to meet the needs of the busy teacher and student.
The ctenophores are by no means aberrant jellyfish, which they resemble only in the extreme tenuousness of their bodies. They have no umbrellas and no stinging cells.
It is important to keep in mind that while AI is becoming more advanced, it is not new. It’s been around for decades. You use AI every day without realizing it — for example, when you receive online shopping recommendations or have your text messages autocorrected. Beyond improving mundane tasks, AI is already transforming our world for the better. It’s detecting cybersecurity threats to critical infrastructure; improving agricultural yield; and with advancements, potentially enhancing cancer detection and treatment.
Cicadas, cicadas, cicadas... they’ve taken over the eastern US! Billions of Brood X cicadas are back after 17 years, both delighting and disgusting those around them.
Type 2 diabetes impairs the body's ability to use insulin, the hormone that regulates blood sugar. The disease can damage the heart, eyes, kidneys and nerves.
And it was from their sly hints and innuendos that Elsie was taught that it was expected of her father to give a ball, and that, indeed, a great many people would be very greatly disappointed if he did not.
It was a country of wide pastures, of moors covered with heath, of rock-born streams and rivulets, of forest and hill and dale, sparsely inhabited, with the sea to the eastward of it, unseen, and the mountains everywhere visible always, and endlessly changing in aspect. Herdsmen and shepherds wandered over it, and along its almost disused roads pedlars and pack mules passed at times but rarely. Minerals and marbles were under its turf, but none sought for them; pools and lakes slept in it, undisturbed save by millions of water fowl and their pursuers. The ruins of temples and palaces were overgrown by its wild berries and wild flowers. The buffalo browsed where emperors had feasted, and the bittern winged its slow flight over the fields of forgotten battles.
The podding or picking of green peas for the London market is also a valuable branch of the business of some farms within a few miles of the metropolis.
June 12 marks the World Day Against Child Labor sponsored by the International Labor Organization. The annual occasion is meant to draw policy attention to the more than 200 million children around the world who work full time, many in sweatshop conditions.
Every year, hundreds of thousands of people flock to Washington in the spring to see the cherry blossoms bloom. The buds on the trees can survive chilly temperatures but need warm days to burst open with their white or pink flowers. But because of fluctuating spring temperatures, it is not always easy to predict when the trees will bloom.
At a table in the eatery, a young man dressed stylishly in a blue cashmere sweater, tucks into sushi rolls while working on his iPad.
Twinned crystals, in which the two individuals may be connected by a single plane or may be interpenetrating, a star shape often resulting in the latter case, are common; sometimes, if of the octahedron type, they are beautifully symmetrical.
The top U.S. infectious disease expert, the National Institutes of Health’s Dr. Anthony Fauci, said last week the drug is not a cure-all but certainly shows promise as a treatment.
When last I saw that little stream, / A form of light there stood, / That seemed like a precious gem, / Beneath that archway rude: / And as I gazed with love and awe / Upon that sylph-like thing, / Methought that airy form must be / The fairy of the spring.
A misstep would have sent us flying over the cliff, but I did not think of that—my only care was not to startle the shy fleet-footed creatures we were pursuing.
Research has shown that UV radiation increases the likelihood of certain cataracts. Although curable with modern eye surgery, cataracts diminish the eyesight of millions of Americans and cost billions of dollars in medical care each year. Other kinds of eye damage include pterygium (tissue growth that can block vision), skin cancer around the eyes, and degeneration of the macula (the part of the retina where visual perception is most acute). All of these problems can be lessened with proper eye protection. Look for sunglasses, glasses or contact lenses if you wear them, that offer 99 to 100 percent UV protection.
To add to the dolefulness of the former day, and the dismalness of the present night, my thoughts ran upon my losses and sad bereaved condition.
And when the chrysanthemums opened their great eyes, and turned their faces upwards to meet the light, they felt quite put about to see those flowers still in bloom. They would have been angry, but it is not in the nature of our garden, or indeed of our wild flora and hedgerow pets, to be so. For flowers are ever meek, albeit they are lovely, and methinks that meekness and beauty, hand in hand, are inexpressibly charming.
From the late nineteen thirties to the late nineteen forties, Bob Feller was called the best pitcher in major league baseball. He threw the ball harder than any other pitcher of his time. He was known for his fastball. People sought to measure its speed using different methods. It was measured at between one hundred fifty-seven and one hundred seventy-two kilometers an hour.
In remarks to royalty, prime ministers, CEOs, and other elites, Schwab said it is time to reinvigorate the global economy, create jobs, and recreate confidence in the future. He said the world is overwhelmed by cynicism and pessimism, and called on members to repair deficiencies in capitalism and restore the social compact.
One of these areas is called the Maze District. This area includes rock art made by people who lived there more than two thousand years ago. Yet many people today cannot see the Maze District because it is so difficult to reach. The area is one of the loneliest and wildest in the United States.
For a select group of Iraqis and Syrians, the perilous journey by foot, boat, train and bus winds up at the Cergy-Pontoise recreation center located in a suburb of Paris — at least for now. Hundreds are being bussed from Germany, which is grappling with a record influx of asylum seekers.
Economic liberalization at home has brought in new foreign investors even without trade deals. Direct investment rose nine percent last year to $15.8 billion, as Vietnamese media project more growth this year. Foreign firms, including Intel and Samsung Electronics, have sited Vietnam for its cheap labor and land.
The memories of the days passed in the North are so sunny and delightful, that I wish others to enjoy them with me; and if the reader receives a clear impression of the novel experiences and thorough pleasure attending a journey through Norseland, and partakes, if only in a limited degree, of my enthusiasm over the character of the people and the imposing grandeurs of nature, the object of this book will be accomplished.
The Assyrian student, moreover, has an advantage which the Hebrew student has not; he possesses dictionaries and vocabularies compiled by the Assyro-Babylonians themselves, and these frequently throw light on a word which otherwise would be a “hapax legomenon.”
She was finding this new acquaintance most attractive, despite the forwardness of her manner, for there was the jolliest of smiles constantly breaking out on the round, freckled face, and the blue eyes expressed a deal of admiration for this city girl, so unlike herself in manner and appearance.
Paris started creating miniatures about 15 years ago when she retired from her publishing and communications management job. “You can create a little world out of your imagination to be whatever you want it to be. I guess that's probably what interests me,” she said.
Rex, an atmospheric scientist at AWI for Polar and Ocean Research that organized the expedition, said that scientists witnessed firsthand the dramatic effects of global warming on ice in the Arctic Circle, considered “the epicenter of climate change.”
What portents of pleasure I fancy / Return with these bright sunny rays! / What visions of lazing I can see, / Of languorous, sweet Summer days; / Of yachting and sea-side diversions, / And getting as brown as a bun: / Of rambles and Alpine excursions— / For here is the Sun!
Madagascar is known for its rich and diverse wildlife, but experts say forest degradation is a growing threat to both animals and humans. As Anne Nzouankeu reports from Madagascar’s Tsitongambarika Forest, there are success stories thanks to reforestation efforts meant to reverse the effects of climate change.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres said Tuesday he was "appalled" that more than 12,000 children were killed or maimed last year in some 20 countries at war or in a state of conflict.
The passing years may have weakened Mom's body and mind. But at ninety two years of age she still steadfastly refuses all my attempts to wheedle from her that highly acclaimed and much sought after culinary blueprint.
Banks that made imprudent loans and buyers who overextended themselves to buy houses they could not afford are part of the reason behind the mortgage crisis. Consumers also lacked financial knowledge, experts say.
Forget the chocolates, roses and jewelry. This Valentine’s Day (Feb. 14), perhaps the best gift we can give our significant other is our undivided attention. Unfortunately for many, it’s easier said than done. A recent international survey of more than 13,000 adults found that in the company of their partner, nearly 40 percent felt their partner paid more attention to their mobile device.
But there'll be no more deliveries for Dr. Trietsch. As of January 1, he is no longer doing obstetrics and is focusing instead on gynecology. Dr. Trietsch says it was a difficult decision. It's not that's he's tired of being on call nights, weekends, and holidays. It's that his malpractice insurance premium is tripling, from $28,000 to about $90,000 a year. The cost was simply too much for his practice.
Behind him on the plain he could hear the eternally young people playing about their little blue lake, flitting like gay shadows through the tamarisks and calling to each other in clear elfin voices while they frolicked after the fluttering swarms of great, bright-hued moths.
Transported to another place and culture, this rough-hewn American becomes an object of curiosity; but his horse draws even more attention... and derision... from the fiercely proud owners and riders of the purebred Arabian horses.
Arabica coffee, the higher-quality variety that Kenya grows, ends up in specialty coffees in Europe and the United States. It thrives in moderate temperatures and high altitudes. But rising temperatures are scorching plants, making them vulnerable to diseases like coffee leaf rust.
This animal externally resembles the seal, but he is stronger and much larger. Like the seals they have five toes to each paw, but their claws are shorter, and their head shorter and rounder.
For a moment I stood a little puzzled by this curious request, not knowing exactly how to take it, whether humorously or in earnest. But concentrating all his crow’s feet into one scowl, Captain Peleg started me on the errand.
Without love, life can be cold and it can be cruel. Sometimes cruelty is deliberate — the action of bullies or bigots, or the inaction of those indifferent to another’s pain. But often, cruelty is simply born of life, a matter of fate or God’s will, beyond our mortal powers to comprehend. To suffer such faceless, seemingly random cruelty can harden the softest hearts, or shrink the sturdiest. It can make one mean, or bitter, or full of self-pity. Or, to paraphrase an old proverb, it can make you beg for a lighter burden.
Monday was International Day of Democracy and the theme this year was "Engaging Young People in Democracy." U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that "powerfully underscores the importance of youth in building and preserving democracy." He added that "Democratic societies are strong societies, because people are free to speak out against injustices and to discuss, debate and work together to drive positive change."
Theirs was a nervous household. Jock and Hurry confined indoors for nearly two days had had too little exercise and too many good things to eat. They were quite cross and irrepressible. John had the fidgets. He couldn't even stay in the same room for more than a minute, and he wouldn't even try sitting down for a change. Lucy had had to give up at least a dozen things that required dry weather and sunshine. She seemed to take the rain as something directed particularly against herself by malicious persons. Evelyn, also cross and nervous, was on the point of retiring to her own room to write letters. Just then Dawson Cooper telephoned to know if she cared to take a little walk in the rain and she accepted with alacrity.
Tom gave me a Swiss Army knife.
Swiss Army knives are versatile tools.
Her calmness, her ordinariness solaced, as well as the fact that she was a woman. He questioned her minutely about Alec and what she thought he needed, without listening to her replies. It was only her reassuring voice he needed.
To be a Monarchist in 1795, among the shopkeepers of Paris or the farmers of Normandy, meant no more than to wish for a political system capable of subsisting for twelve months together, and resting on some other basis than forced loans and compulsory sales of property.
U.S. scientists have found a surprising relationship between obesity and the kind of food digesting bacteria we have in our intestines. As VOA's David McAlary reports, the findings suggest that the microbes living in our guts might influence how prone we are to being overweight and might offer new solutions to the growing obesity epidemic worldwide.
Yoshimura and Shimmura say that this study is just the beginning of their efforts to learn more about roosters' natural vocalizations, which they say are not learned like most other bird songs or human speech.
In the 2011–2012 growing season, the Mauritanian government began some new strategies to increase the yield and amount of crops grown. By training young farmers about agriculture, investing money into more irrigation, and introducing genetically modified crops that can survive in Mauritanian conditions, leaders of the country are hopeful that better times are to come for farming.
On February 4, 1960, when we landed the aircraft within 100 yards of the 16 wolves on Intermediate Lake, the animals eventually scattered into the woods. A few minutes later we heard some howling, which soon increased in volume until the entire pack seemed to be involved. The whining, yelping, and howling (much of which was high-pitched) continued for about 30 seconds and then gradually diminished; a few single howls were emitted after the chorus had subsided. Tracks later showed that the wolves had assembled on a small knoll, where most of the howling probably originated.
With the stress of the pandemic, more people suddenly wanted a pet to snuggle and to have as company to prevent loneliness during quarantine, Kurt Krukenberg, president of the Humane Society Silicon Valley in San Jose, California, told VOA.
The green-gray light that filtered through the trees and haze bathed both Alberts in a glow that enhanced their own bright skin-color. They stood for a few seconds, listening, and then Dara turned.
At a community center on Shek Lei public housing estate in northern Hong Kong, stacks of mooncake boxes are waiting to be distributed on Mid-Autumn Festival the following day. Inside they contain some of the 76,000 mooncakes that have been collected by Food Grace, a local charity, this holiday season to be redistributed to low-income families and individuals.
His knowledge of Greek and Latin was singularly exact. He was deeply read in modern literature; and his surprising memory enabled him to display to the utmost advantage the various and carefully stored treasures of his mind. But though his erudition might have enabled him to have edited with accuracy the most obscure work in the whole range of ancient literature, his imagination would not have yielded him five lines of poetry.
The taskmasters had established the right to flog their slaves; they had dammed up the slowly rising waters of rebellion, but these rose to their level at last, and overflowed, and slavery is no more.
From a few mud houses beyond a rising ground, not far from the river, came several men and women, bringing peaches and melons in their ponchos, together with baskets of native manufacture, filled with two kinds of grapes, one variety of which was the white Muscatel. At different points near this river my attention had been attracted by a disease very prevalent among the people, which exhibited itself in the form of a large swelling upon the throat, and was called by the natives the coté (goitre).
Carefully conserved though that oxygen is, no process is or can be one hundred per cent efficient. There will be leakage into space, and that which is lost must be replaced. To bring oxygen from Earth in liquid form would be outrageously expensive and even more outrageously inefficient—and no other planet in the System has free oxygen for the taking.
Adhering the edges of the doormat to the concrete, while not explicitly required, may be one way to prevent a trip hazard and ensure that the entry is clean and orderly.
Mt. Thielsen, namesake for the surrounding Wilderness Area, is called “The Lightning Rod of the Cascades.” A dormant volcano, its peak is struck by lightning so often that some rocks at the summit have melted into an unusual mineral called fulgurite. This mineral is made of natural hollow glass tubes formed when silica is subjected to high temperatures, such as lightning strikes.
Nourish Now is a nonprofit organization that collects food from donors like restaurants and cafeterias and distributes it to families in need. The organization also accepts financial contributions from the community.
Maelo was born in Santurce, the largest neighborhood in San Juan, Puerto Rico, in 1931. He worked as a shoeshiner and construction worker while playing music. He began playing percussion for Conjunto Monterrey de Munchito Muley in 1948 before singing with the Orquesta Panamericana in 1952. Maelo was the lead singer for Cortijo y su Combo from 1954 to 1962, performing music like bomba and plena with Rafael Cortijo on radio and television. These were Afro Puerto Rican musical genres, and Maelo was the first Black singer to appear singing on national television in Puerto Rico.
At high-school he had been known as “the poet-laureate of room sixteen,” a title invented by snickering pupils, and his timidly mystic lyrics about sandpipers, violets, and the embracing glee of the sun, had gained an unrestrained admiration from his English teachers.
Once a year at Halloween, the Magic Castle presents its wizardry to the public. This Saturday and Sunday, top magicians are performing at a stage show called "It's Magic!" The cast, which includes Criss Angel, will appear at a Hollywood theater not far from the Magic Castle.
The Halloween pet costume craze is spreading globally. Zoher Kapu is vice president of global optimization and data for eBay, the online marketplace. He told the Chicago Tribune that eBay had 1.5 million pet costumes for sale on Oct. 21 out of 800 million items listed. There were 159 million active customers in 200 countries.
Firefighters in Australia Friday are trying to control around 100 wildfires racing across New South Wales, about a third of which are still uncontained.
The WHO reports more than a billion people globally suffer from mental health illness. The most common such illnesses include anxiety disorders, depression, bipolar and eating disorders, as well as psychotic disorders, including schizophrenia.
Tropical Storm Isaias is expected to strengthen into a low-level hurricane before it makes landfall along the coast of the Carolinas.
Some cutting-edge doctors have used so-called fecal transplants to treat severe bacterial infections, including Clostridium difficile or C. diff, which releases toxins as it grows, attacking the lining of the intestines.
Federally regulated financial institutions were generically analyzed to determine their ability to continue to promote essential services in the event of a major earthquake like those that have been postulated for this assessment. The conclusion reached thus far is that large-magnitude earthquakes pose no significant or unanticipated problems of solvency and liquidity for such institutions. The Federal Reserve System and other regulatory entities have procedures in place that are designed—and have been tested—specifically to provide for the continued operation of financial institutions immediately following an earthquake or other emergency.
Today was also the first day the scientists were able to get in the water. This is my first cruise to the monument and I was beyond excited to hear I would get a few hours to snorkel the maritime archeologist’s field sites. The archeology team and I were launched from one of the Hi’ialakai’s small boats and were soon hovering over a wreck that is thought to be an American whaling ship. It was particularly intriguing as a marine mammal scientist to be able to see large pots used to render oil from the whales, blubber hooks, and other whaling paraphernalia scattered along the reef. Marine mammals played such an important role in the human history of these islands, it is exciting to be able to return to these sites as a scientist and simultaneously learn about whales’ past and present influence on this area.
Obstfeld and his colleagues are also worried that efforts to stimulate economic recovery from the 2008 recession, such as low interest rates and massive purchases of bonds, are now ending. They put the current global growth rate at 2.9 percent, and say this moment of good growth is the time to make changes in tax and other policies that will help economies weather inevitable future downturns.
For the latest beauty and makeup trends, those in the know are ditching fashion magazines and logging onto social media. YouTube and Instagram influencers are redefining beauty standards.
He had not kept his bowels and nervous system, all his life long, under the influence of rum, tobacco, opium, coffee, tea, or highly seasoned food. He did not it is true, wholly deny himself any one of these, except opium and tobacco; but he only used them occasionally, and even then in great moderation. Nor was it from mere indigence, or culpable stinginess that he ate and drank, for the most part in a healthful manner. It seemed to be from a conviction of the necessity of being "temperate in all things;" and that such a course as he pursued tended to hardihood.
The reserve harbors rich flora and fauna, including endemic species like viviparous toads, which give birth to live offspring, not eggs.
But the bill must still be passed by the lower house and half of all state legislatures before it turns into law. That task may not be easy, given the staunch opposition of these parties and growing disquiet among other lawmakers.
The opera at Monte Carlo is housed in the end of the Casino building nearest the Hotel de Paris, so that the Countess Rémond and her two companions had only to cross the street. It was to the private entrance that the baron led the way. Here the prince paused.
In the last twenty years, partly due to Carpenter's innovations, strong new forms of glass have been developed that can be used as a structural material, whether for staircases, walkways or walls — transparent walls that admit sunlight, but are coated invisibly to keep out too much heat.
Altho this substitution of assonance for rime is uncommon in the more literary lyrics, which we may suppose to have been composed with the pen, it is still frequently to be found in the popular song, born on the lips of the singer, and set down in black and white only as an afterthought.
This situation altered in the fifth century A.D., when a Chinese princess married the king of Khotan, an oasis north of the Plain of Tibet. When the princess left her native land and traveled west to her bridegroom, she carried, smuggled in her headdress, silkworm cocoons and the seeds of the mulberry tree on which they feed.
A new study shows that the germs that cause the common cold can live longer than previously thought. Researchers find the germs can live for almost a week on doorknobs and other surfaces.
Uganda's new national budget dedicates five percent of the total budget to agriculture, a huge jump from the one percent allocation five years ago. The budget promises subsistence farmers greater access to competitive loans, capped at 10 percent interest, disease-resistant seeds, and modern farm equipment.
Many of the events will be hosted at the same venues used for the 2000 Olympics in Sydney. They include athletics, sitting volleyball, wheelchair basketball and powerlifting.
The same licensed nurse-midwife will attend her, bringing along the emergency equipment of a paramedic, just in case. Although most problems in labor are detected in plenty of time, several top hospitals are only a few minutes away, Jacobs noted. Ten percent of planned home births do end up in the hospital, usually because labor has failed to progress. But if all goes well, Jacobs will have a peaceful, unmedicated birth — with no high-tech monitoring, surgery or drug-induced labor.
There was also a large increase in Internet use among school-aged children and college students. This is partly because of the growing number of e-learning services and educational websites.
They say this upsets the natural ecosystem of the watershed by endangering smaller Everglades residents who might end up as a reptile's lunch.
Marjorie saw Leonard before he saw her. He was walking with three men—joking, laughing absent-mindedly, while his eyes searched for a face in the crowd. She waited a moment, hidden, suffocated with anticipation, her heart turning over and over, until he said a nonchalant good-bye to his companions, who were pounced upon by eager relatives. Then she crept up behind and put both her hands about his wrist.
There's been a spike in violent crime.
Tom ordered a burger and a side of potato wedges.
Potato wedges are thicker than standard french fries.
Your needs overlap with mine.
Your goals overlap with mine.
Though these words aren't completely synonymous, there's a great deal of overlap in sense between the two.
We need to clear the debris off the road.
Tom lived out the remainder of his days in peace and quiet reflection.
The yellow tickets that people feed into the Metro turnstiles cost 75 piasters apiece, or about 13 cents, with heavy discounts for students and military veterans. The ticket price will soon go up to one Egyptian pound per trip, or 18 cents, but that is still a bargain, relative to the cost of a taxi.
After the capture of Syracuse by the Romans, silver, the foundation of the treasure they had seized, fell suddenly in price, so that seventeen pounds of silver were valued at one of gold. A little later the relative price was as 12 to 1, when Caesar, having plundered the two milliards contained in the public chest, so reduced the value of gold, which then predominated, that the proportion fell to 9 to 1.
Schools have been urged to increase physical education, an important tool for public health. And many have. Yet now comes a study showing an increase in the number of injuries in "phys ed" class. Injuries increased one hundred fifty percent between nineteen ninety-seven and two thousand seven.
At the molecular level, salt dissolves in water due to electrical charges and due to the fact that both water and salt compounds are polar, with positive and negative charges on opposite sides in the molecule. The bonds in salt compounds are called ionic because they both have an electrical charge—the chloride ion is negatively charged and the sodium ion is positively charged. Likewise, a water molecule is ionic in nature, but the bond is called covalent, with two hydrogen atoms both situating themselves with their positive charge on one side of the oxygen atom, which has a negative charge. When salt is mixed with water, the salt dissolves because the covalent bonds of water are stronger than the ionic bonds in the salt molecules.
Electric vehicles are gaining attention as an option for improving air quality and lessening United States dependence on imported oil. Research and development is under way on advanced battery and fuel cell technology and automakers are stepping up efforts to design electric vehicles for fleets and personal use. While today's technology is new, battery-powered vehicles have been around for a long time. Electrics flourished before the rise of the gasoline automobile and some 50,000 electric vehicles were in use in the United States by 1912.
Ms. Lester has the tall, broad-shouldered look of a farm girl and sports a bright red baseball cap that reads "cowgirl". She's one of a group of volunteers setting up water tanks and fencing across a 200,000-hectare swath of northern Arizona. The tanks will eventually provide water to hundreds of elk, deer, antelope, and even cattle. "I mean, they gotta drink, and in this kind of drought, you've gotta bring the water to them and take care of them, because they will suffer if we don't do something out here," she says.
Anna Wilkinson is a researcher at the University of Lincoln. She explained that a tortoise's neck length is a sign of whether the tortoise is comfortable in its surroundings. The longer the neck, the more at ease the animal is.
It is called the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument. A family that started a successful business making skin care products donated the land. The land is home to moose, black bears, coyotes, deer, bobcats, snowshoe hares, fisher cats, bald eagles and Canada lynx.
Tardo and Peo were entertained royally at luncheon by Saranta, their host, who appeared to be the wealthy overlord of this portion of the planet. The meal was delicious—tender, inch-thick steaks served with delicate wine sauce and half a dozen of the planet's exotic vegetables, topped off by a cool fruit dessert.
Audubon was blessed with good health, length of years, a devoted and self-sacrificing wife, and a buoyant, sanguine, and elastic disposition. He had the heavenly gift of enthusiasm—a passionate love for the work he set out to do. He was a natural hunter, roamer, woodsman; as unworldly as a child, and as simple and transparent. We have had better trained and more scientific ornithologists since his day, but none with his abandon and poetic fervour in the study of our birds.
The latest national figures show a 30-percent obesity rate among white kids. The figure is five points higher for blacks and eight points higher for Mexican-Americans. Time notes that few blacks, proportionally, live in neighborhoods with well-stocked grocery stores; instead, little corner stores peddle sweets and soft drinks and salty snacks. And fattening foods like tamales and refried beans, cooked in lard, are staples of the Mexican-American diet.
Barstis’s test, which she developed with colleagues at nearby Notre Dame University, consists of chemically treated paper the size of a business card. A person simply rubs a pill on the paper and dips it in water. She says color changes on the paper indicate suspicious ingredients.
Talking birds, goats butting heads, and a giant tortoise that hangs out with chickens are all part of a living classroom. High-school students at the Career Center in Arlington, Virginia are learning firsthand, and hands-on, how to care for animals. They are at the animal science laboratory, learning about, and taking care of, about 50 species of animals.
He’s trying to raise the $2.9 million needed to build a spinal chord injury rehab center by wheeling himself halfway across Africa. He chose South Africa as his destination, because that is where the nearest center is located.
Computer-based learning offers a way for students to take advanced courses not offered at their school, or to retake classes they failed. It also serves those who cannot physically attend school, and students who receive home schooling or need tutoring.
It is easy to become a Theosophist. Any person of average intellectual capacities, and a leaning toward the metaphysical; of pure, unselfish life, who finds more joy in helping his neighbor than in receiving help himself; one who is ever ready to sacrifice his own pleasures for the sake of other people; and who loves Truth, Goodness, and Wisdom for their own sake, not for the benefit they may confer—is a Theosophist.
I can not prophesy what will be the outcome of the efforts which the Filipino women are now making to obtain suffrage; but I know that these efforts must be to them, and are to us, a source of pride and glory, because they show that there is no part of our people which has remained indifferent to the great movements of the century. There are persons who scoff at them and many shrug their shoulders; but this must not discourage our women, because neither scoffing nor shrugging the shoulders are very weighty arguments.
Carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide, the main man-made greenhouse gases blamed for global warming, increased to record post-industrial concentrations last year, according to a report by the World Meteorological Organization.
Research on HCAs has made some people afraid to cook meat on a barbecue grill. On a grill, the meat heats over coals or a gas or open fire. But studies have found that adding spices to meat before cooking at high temperatures may reduce harmful chemicals. This can be done by preparing a marinade and placing it on the meat before cooking. Marinades usually contain spices and herbs added to vinegar, wine or oil. This liquid mixture also softens the meat.
Modern-day Laos has its roots in the ancient Lao kingdom of Lan Xang, established in the 14th century under King Fa Ngum. For 300 years Lan Xang had influence reaching into present-day Cambodia and Thailand, as well as over all of what is now Laos. After centuries of gradual decline, Laos came under the domination of Siam (Thailand) from the late 18th century until the late 19th century, when it became part of French Indochina. The Franco-Siamese Treaty of 1907 defined the current Lao border with Thailand. In 1975, the communist Pathet Lao took control of the government, ending a six-century-old monarchy and instituting a strict socialist regime closely aligned to Vietnam. A gradual, limited return to private enterprise and the liberalization of foreign investment laws began in 1988. Laos became a member of ASEAN in 1997 and the WTO in 2013.
What sets video streaming apart from other data transfers at the TMC (transportation management center) is that video streaming requires the transfer of significantly more data. The amount of data transferred varies based on the video resolution, compression algorithm, bitrate, etc. but can vary from a few megabytes (MB) to hundreds of MB per frame.
The Sultan's Palace and the ancient Hippodrome are also places of great interest. In the latter were deposited the four gilded bronze horses, supposed to have been brought from Scio, once mounted on Trajan's Arch at Rome, brought here by Constantine. They were taken to Venice by Dandolo, then Napoleon gave them to Paris, and finally after Waterloo they were restored again to St. Mark's at Venice.
On raising our eyes to the moss-grown parapet, we beheld a figure sitting upon it that bore a very striking resemblance to the pictures in the Spanish Museum at Madrid of the early Aztec princes. It was a female, and she bore upon her head a most gorgeous headdress of feathers, called a Panache. Her face was calm, clear, and exceedingly beautiful. The nose was prominent—more so than the Mexican or Tezcucan—and the complexion much lighter. Indeed, by the gleam of the moonlight, it appeared as white as that of a Caucasian princess, and wore an expression full of benignity and love.
Everyone is familiar with the fact that pumice floats upon water; this it does, not because it is a material specifically lighter than water, but because cavities filled with air make up a great part of its bulk. If we pulverise pumice, we find the powder sinks readily in water, but the rock in its natural condition floats for the same reason that an iron ship does—because of the air-chambers which it encloses.
The European Union named and shamed 17 states that it accuses of being tax havens Tuesday, and put another 47 countries on notice that they risk being blacklisted, too, unless they start tackling tax evasion.
In the checkout line at a supermarket in downtown Nairobi, a conveyor belt moves bags of potato chips, snack foods, processed meats and cheeses, tubs of margarine and bottles of cooking oil.
Nelly Callahan was the only one to see just what happened. Everyone else in camp had gone down the island that day to get a count of the half-wild cattle among the blueberry swamps.
Time passed on. Notwithstanding the extreme measures taken to extirpate the malady, it spread widely and increased in severity. Again the matter was investigated, and again a meeting was convened.
The explorer’s greatest care, however, while camping out in the forest at night—his fires, his watchmen, and his watch-dogs—will not invariably secure him from danger, if there happen to be wild animals in the neighbourhood; leopards especially, insignificant in size as compared with the lion and the tiger,—there are few things so daring that a hungry leopard will not attempt them.
I waited, wondering if there would be an answer, and then what to my astonished ears should come but the sound of a turtledove’s low, sad, lonesome call from the other direction farther up the path.
As soon as the liquor is in the hogshead, the yeast, or fermenting principle, is put into it, stirred for some moments, and then left to itself. A liquor as rich as the above described ferments with force, and runs with rapidity through all the periods of fermentation. It is fit to distil as soon as that tumultuous state has subsided and the liquor is calm.
Up on a hilltop overlooking vast green countryside and countless rolling hills, 28-year-old Suleyman Aronge sways from side to side beating a traditional Burundian drum. He and about 20 others are wearing tunics colored red, green and white — the colors of Burundi's flag.
"It started small," she says of the guide, which listed motels and restaurants that welcomed black travelers at a time when many businesses did not. It was a cultural touchstone to many blacks, but unknown to many others.
The two former managers face four new charges, including conspiracy and misconduct in office, for their roles in the crisis, in which inadequately treated water from a local river corroded residential pipes carrying water to an estimated 100,000 people.
U.S. astronaut Steve Robinson will be making the repair while standing on the end of a robot arm attached to the international space station. In a telephone hook-up with the astronaut, he talked about the delicate task ahead.
Abigail Adams was like a modern woman, even though she lived in colonial times. She strongly supported the American Revolution, women’s rights and education. She worked to get public schooling for girls. She was a smart businessperson during a time when women in the U.S. could not even own property.
Once upon a time the king of the Goldland lost himself in a forest, and try as he would he could not find the way out. As he was wandering down one path which had looked at first more hopeful than the rest he saw a man coming towards him.
On April 22, 65-year-old Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot will begin a 35-date North American tour. He'll be promoting his 2004 album Harmony, which he released after suffering a near-fatal abdominal hemorrhage in 2002. Lightfoot was in a coma for six weeks following surgery and spent three months in the hospital.
With respect to the sources of the Nile, no man of all the Egyptians, Libyans, or Greeks with whom I have conversed, ever pretended to know any thing; except the registrar of Minerva's treasury at Sais in Egypt. But even he seemed to be trifling with me, when he said he knew perfectly well.
Window awnings can reduce solar heat gain in the summer by up to 65% on south-facing windows and 77% on west-facing windows. You can use an awning to shade one window or have an awning custom-made to shade the entire side of your house.
The rescue effort involved more than 65 state park workers, fishermen and volunteers navigating icy waters and attaching the animals to slings and moving them out of the harbor and into deeper water using boats.
Discarding waste in a way that meets government environmental protection rules is also important. Old TVs can contain over a kilogram of lead as well as cadmium — both highly poisonous.
The owlets come out of the egg dressed in soft, fluffy down. In some of the family it is gray, in others it is snowy white. They are carefully fed and reared by their loving parents.
The mystical school of Yogis was established by Patanjali, the founder of one of the six philosophical systems of ancient India. It is supposed that the Neo-platonists of the second and third Alexandrian Schools were the followers of Indian Yogis, more especially was their theurgy brought from India by Pythagoras, according to the tradition.
Balancing work and life can seem like an impossible task. Meeting the demands of family, children, work, and personal health can feel like climbing a greased pole. But Argosy University Associate Professor Nancy Aragon has some tips to achieving work-life balance.
All that day he was ill, and the next day, and the next; and what should become of the cherry-coloured coat? In the tailor's shop in Westgate Street the embroidered silk and satin lay cut out upon the table—one-and-twenty button-holes—and who should come to sew them, when the window was barred, and the door was fast locked?
Proponents of Big Tech say the march of technology into our daily lives is designed to make our lives easier. For some, it's arguable if a smart refrigerator can actually make life easier. But for the disabled community, technological advances can make a huge difference. Some of that new technology was on display this week at the Consumer Electronics' show.
Every February, I, along with many others across the nation, commemorate Black History Month and celebrate an important aspect of my diverse cultural heritage. Like most Americans, I’m the sum of many parts, an amalgam of intersecting identities. I am Black, a woman and a proud disabled veteran, to name a few. The intersectionality of my heritage and lived experiences is unique to me and makes me who I am.
All deliberation aimeth at action and dependeth on action; and thus deliberation goeth before all choice, and choice before all action.
From the same record we gather that Coleridge's interest in current politics was already keen, and that he was an eager reader, not only of Burke's famous contributions thereto, but even a devourer of all the pamphlets which swarmed during that agitated period from the press.
Much of Europe is getting hit with a record-setting heat wave. The World Meteorological Organization is concerned not just because of the temperatures, but because the summer heat is a month earlier than usual and more intense. It is likely another sign of climate change.
In 1964, Senator Barry Goldwater won the Republican presidential nomination even though questions were raised about his having been born in Arizona when it was still a territory and not a state. The question never gained much traction and was made moot when President Lyndon Johnson defeated Goldwater in a landslide.
Most of the residents live on unpaved roads that have no names and in houses that are unnumbered.
Their mission is to go house by house, convincing, cajoling, and if necessary browbeating parents into vaccinating their children.
According to the Oregon State announcement, researchers documented the impact of cougars and wolves on the regeneration of forests and other flora around streams and rivers in Yellowstone National Park.
The latest discovery made between the year of 2000 and 2005 bridges two periods in human evolution: that of our oldest prehistoric ancestor, the 4 to 7 million-year-old Ardipithecus, and the more modern, 3.5 million-year-old Australopithecus.
Charity vessels have resumed patrolling the Mediterranean to try to provide assistance to migrants in difficulty.
France is not the first country to look at the non-material aspects of progress. The Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan emphasizes a concept it calls 'gross national happiness,' rather than GDP. Bhutan's main research center collects a wide variety of data to measure this, including things like psychological well being, good governance, ecological diversity and living standards.
The Philippine island of Mindoro is home to tribes that live off of the land’s natural resources.
This is the worst snowstorm to hit England in 18 years. And for some the journey into work became an exercise in futility.
Milk may be homogenized. Homogenization is a process that reduces the size of the fat particles and mixes the fat all through the milk. Otherwise, the fat will collect at the top, which is how some people like it.
In just a few weeks, of course, the leaves will fall to the ground, and autumn will turn into winter. Snow will cover Shenandoah’s mountains and forests. The bright colors of autumn will fade, and leaf peepers will have to wait another year for their favorite season.
I call it my 'music burrito' theory. We've made our own tortilla with all the knowledge of all the great musicians out there. We put them inside the tortilla, make our own burrito and sell it to the world. Hopefully, they'll come back for seconds. We've been chasing this dream since we were little dudes.
In collecting together, for your use and benefit, some of the prudential maxims, and moral apothegms, of the ancient sages, the Publishers of this volume have been stimulated by an ardent desire to render this excellent mode of instruction as agreeable as possible; and, at the same time, to impress the precepts contained in the Fables more forcibly on your minds, they have endeavoured to make the embellishments worthy of your notice and examination.
The backrest should conform to the natural curvature of your spine, and provide adequate lumbar support.
The Petrified Forest includes many shapes and sizes of wood, from large logs to stumps to the smallest remains of plants. Most of the petrified wood found in the park is made up of quartz. Quartz is a hard, colorless mineral. The wood sometimes shines in the sunlight as if covered by glitter.
Yosemite National Park is intercut by a number of water features, including the Merced and Tuolumne Rivers, Tenaya Creek, and Mirror Lake. Artists have drawn inspiration from these areas to capture scenes that range from solemn moonlit meditations to depictions of the thundering rush of water over rock.
Almost involuntarily she took a step forward, but her foot slipped, she tottered and fell. Fortunately the stones near the path were overgrown with moss, but still the fall nearly stunned her, and she cried wildly for help. In vain! her voice could not reach Clement, who stood close to the abyss, surrounded by the roarings of the fall, and the house was far too distant. A bitter pain shot through her heart as she lay there between the stones, neglected and helpless.
The MUTATION prototype newsgroup was established to enhance the rate of transfer of mutation technology and Human Genome Project findings to clinical and research problems. Mutation in any organism, environmental mutagenesis, and mutation mechanisms are discussed, including new mutation-detection technologies, databases, and problems.
One in four American high schoolers and one in 10 children in middle school have used an e-cigarette in the past 30 days, with most favoring those flavored with mint or menthol.
Over an eight year follow-up period, almost one-half of federal offenders released in 2005 (49.3%) were rearrested for a new crime or rearrested for a violation of supervision conditions. Almost one-third (31.7%) of the offenders were also reconvicted, and one-quarter (24.6%) of the offenders were reincarcerated over the same study period.
The conception of a noumenon, that is, of a thing which must be cogitated not as an object of sense, but as a thing in itself (solely through the pure understanding), is not self-contradictory, for we are not entitled to maintain that sensibility is the only possible mode of intuition.
The adjutant bird (Leptoptilus dubius) is one of Nature’s little jokes. It is a caricature of a bird, a mixture of gravity and clownishness. Everything about it is calculated to excite mirth—its weird figure, its great beak, its long, thin legs, its conspicuous pouch, its bald head, and every attitude it strikes. The adjutant bird is a stork which has acquired the habits of the vulture. Forsaking to a large extent frogs and such-like delicacies, which constitute the normal diet of its kind, it lives chiefly upon offal.
Charles Darwin’s personal life was also expanding. In eighteen thirty-nine, he married Emma Wedgwood, his cousin. He told her his ideas about how species evolve over time — what he called the transmutation of species.
Railroad rides are naturally tiresome to persons who cannot read on the cars, and, being one of those unfortunates, I resigned myself, on taking my seat in the train, to several hours of tedium, alleviated only by such cat-naps as I might achieve.
Dear Ursula,—There is a young man in Nemours who idolizes you. He cannot see you working at your window without emotions which prove to him that his love will last through life. This young man is gifted with an iron will and a spirit of perseverance which nothing can discourage. Receive his addresses favorably, for his intentions are pure, and he humbly asks your hand with a sincere desire to make you happy. His fortune, already suitable, is nothing to that which he will make for you when you are once his wife. You shall be received at court as the wife of a minister and one of the first ladies in the land.
Fans of the venerable X-Men comic books (and there are millions around the world) know Wolverine as the most charismatic and enigmatic of the 'mutants' who each have unusual powers. He himself is fuzzy on the details of where he came from: how John Logan became Wolverine with amazing strength and a skeleton of the indestructible metal 'adamantium.' This new film goes back to fill in that origin story.
I should be sorry indeed to leave behind me such a reputation as I seem to have hereabouts—though, indeed, a man is very helpless in these cases. He is at a hopeless disadvantage when a woman is his traducer. I can see that Jim Urquhart will never be a friend of mine again, whatever happens.
Until several decades ago, the physical sciences were considered to have had their origins in the 17th century—mechanics beginning with men like Galileo Galilei and magnetism with men like the Elizabethan physician and scientist William Gilbert. Historians of science, however, have traced many of the 17th century's concepts of mechanics back into the Middle Ages. Here, Gilbert's explanation of the loadstone and its powers is compared with explanations to be found in the Middle Ages and earlier. From this comparison it appears that Gilbert can best be understood by considering him not so much a herald of the new science as a modifier of the old.
Production costs of the so called $100 laptops are actually around $188. And for two weeks in November, North Americans will be able to buy two for about $400. The plan announced earlier this week is called "Give One Get One." For every laptop bought, one is shipped to a child in the developing world. The buyer gets a $200 tax deduction. The computers can be hand cranked and charged with solar power. That led one boy in a focus group to say they even prevent global warming.
This Inspector, when I first knew him, was a man of fourscore years, or thereabouts, and certainly one of the most wonderful specimens of winter-green that you would be likely to discover in a lifetime’s search. With his florid cheek, his compact figure, smartly arrayed in a bright-buttoned blue coat, his brisk and vigorous step, and his hale and hearty aspect, altogether he seemed—not young, indeed—but a kind of new contrivance of Mother Nature in the shape of man, whom age and infirmity had no business to touch. His voice and laugh, which perpetually re-echoed through the Custom-House, had nothing of the tremulous quaver and cackle of an old man’s utterance; they came strutting out of his lungs, like the crow of a cock, or the blast of a clarion.
The report’s annexes, which contain some of the evidence on which the conclusions are based, were redacted on the grounds of national security.
Well you know, it isn’t a very good profession for making money. Not at all, it isn’t. Most of the good naturalists don’t make any money whatever. All they do is spend money, buying butterfly-nets and cases for birds’ eggs and things. It is only now, after I have been a naturalist for many years, that I am beginning to make a little money from the books I write.
The U.S. has nuked the hell out of Nevada. Just an hour north of Las Vegas, Uncle Sam detonated over 1,000 nuclear bombs between 1951 and 1992.
The thrushes are largely insectivorous, and also are fond of spiders, myriapods, sowbugs, snails, and angleworms. The vegetable portion of their diet consists mostly of berries and other small fruits. As a family thrushes can not be called clean feeders, for the food eaten often contains a considerable proportion of such matter as dead leaves, stems, and other parts of more or less decayed vegetation.
With the theft of their life savings, they were forced to refinance their mortgage-free home to pay for their prescription drugs. The couple has given up driving their car and instead ride the bus to save money.
In rare instances over the years, chronic wasting disease has infected commercial elk herds throughout North America. The problem has been dealt with in various ways. Occasionally, an entire herd has been quarantined or destroyed to prevent further contagion. But sometimes, the disease has been overlooked, since it may take more than 18 months before a seemingly healthy elk shows signs of CWD, and it's easy to misdiagnose without testing a dead elk's brain stem.
A couple of years ago, Seraphic Fire received a $25,000 grant and decided to tackle a big project: recording Claudio Monteverdi's Vespers of 1610, one of the greatest choral works of all time.
A robot being developed at Carnegie Mellon University has evolved into a multi-legged modular mechanical snake, able to move over rugged surfaces and explore the surroundings. Scientists say such machines could someday help in search and rescue operations.
The intruder did not answer—did not even seem to hear her question. He remained literally as if turned to stone, his eyes burning cavernously in his pale face, on which the upcast light of the lantern at his feet, crossing with that of Valentine’s lamp, cast odd shadows. After a moment, moving like a man half stunned from a fall, he came a little towards her. Then he stopped again, and passed his hand over his eyes.
Purdue University professor, Japanese Ei'ichi Negishi is a co-recipient of the 2010 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He shares the award with Japanese Akira Suzuki of Hokkaido University and American Richard Heck of the University of Delaware. Together, their work created a method to build complex organic molecules that are now used to manufacture a range of products — from pharmaceuticals to electronics. Our correspondent spoke with Negishi at his office in Indiana shortly after the Nobel announcement was made.
Before plumbing came to the farm, this small building served as the site's toilet. It is a reconstruction—the original was torn down. This outhouse features a seat with two holes. This was not unusual as many outhouses had different sized holes for adults and children. There are also some pages from an old Sears and Roebuck Catalog in the structure. Farmers wouldn't waste money on purchasing toilet paper when they could recycle something they no longer needed!
The diverse and youthful voting coalition behind President Obama was on full display at an election night watch party at a nearby bistro. Historian Allan Lichtman says the president benefitted from a strong turnout among women, African Americans, Hispanics and younger voters.
Mr. and Mrs. William Webster had come all the way from Woodford to Concord, leaving three babies at home, to assist their old friends at the Inaugural Ball. You must have guessed that Mollie O'Neill, as Mrs. William Webster, would have grown plumper and prettier during the busy, happy years of married life with her husband and children on their large farm. For Mollie now had a small daughter "Polly," named for her beloved twin sister, and a pair of twin sons, Dan and Billy. She was more than ever in love with her husband and, many people believed, entirely under his thumb. Yet there were times when Mollie could and would assert herself in a surprising fashion just as she had in former days with her girl friends.
As more and more cars crowd the roads, the sound of ringing bells and squeaky bike wheels is fading in the 21st century. But instead of making travel easier, cars have lengthened the daily commute of the average Chinese employee.
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the Memorandum of Understanding he signed with the AU formalizes their cooperation in three key areas.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring cast its spell on Oscar voters. The adaptation of the J.R. Tolkien mythic fantasy has 13 nominations — the most of any film this year — including Best Director for New Zealand filmmaker Peter Jackson and Best Picture.
An earthquake shakes the ground with two kinds of waves. The new system uses information from a low-energy wave that moves quickly but causes little damage. Experts call this the P-wave. The slower but stronger S-wave is the main threat to life and property.
How do you interact with members of your community if they're stretched across the world? Many people rely on the Internet, email and social media to communicate across borders. But for many Hmong people — far from their ancestral home in Asia — teleconferencing is the most popular way to share news and information.
Japan's Toshiba Corporation effectively ended the format war over the next-generation DVD players after announcing this week that it would no longer manufacture HD DVD players and recorders. The announcement paves the way for rival Sony Corporation's Blu-ray technology to become the industry standard for high-definition video.
Speaking at a news conference at the end of the three-hour meeting, Canadian Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon said the Arctic coastal, or littoral, states have special responsibilities and must be prepared to meet them.
Scientists say if all of Greenland's vast ice sheet were to melt, global sea levels would rise by 7 meters (23 feet), flooding most coastal developments around the world.
The European Union's Lisbon Treaty has come into force with the aim of streamlining EU decision-making. The first president of the European Council also took office, along with the bloc's new foreign policy chief.
As the coronavirus pandemic continues to cleave the world into the vaccinated and the unvaccinated, leaders of the world’s 20 wealthiest nations will meet later this week to discuss how to address this deep divide.
Private businesses and corrupt politicians are believed to have siphoned off billions of dollars.
Sounding like a miniature jackhammer in overdrive, a quiet morning’s peace is suddenly interrupted by bursts of loud, rapid tapping. It doesn’t take long, however, to realize that the intense and precise tapping is actually the sound of a woodpecker using his beak to search for his breakfast — usually insects or tree sap — in a neighboring tree.
Tom's caught some kind of lurgy.
Former U.S. presidential candidate Herman Cain was diagnosed six years ago with stage-four colon cancer. Tumors had already spread to his liver. Cain was given a 30 percent chance of survival. But after having surgery and undergoing chemotherapy, Cain says his cancer went into remission.
He liked food and wine and conversation. He was a moralist, but not a solemn or humorless man in the least.
Life of Pi, about survival and faith, is more upbeat. It's also adapted from a book, and it requires a willing suspension of disbelief. For the shots in the boat, the production team created a digital tiger. Oscar-winning director Ang Lee enchants us with his other-worldly cinematography.
Porcupines are covered in quills that are made of keratin (the same stuff that makes our hair and nails.) There are about 30,000 quills that cover a porcupine’s body!
A Pound, Virginia man, who brought a minor to a cockfight, distributed hydrocodone and conspired with others to facilitate cockfighting, was sentenced today in the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia in Abingdon, Acting United States Attorney Rick A. Mountcastle announced.
Ms. Bachelet left office with an 84-percent approval rating after her 2006-2010 presidency. Chile allows presidents to serve more than one term, but not consecutively.
NASA described these launch platforms as two-story, steel structures that are almost 8 meters tall, 50 meters long, 41 meters wide and weigh around 4 kilotons. The space agency added that each of the platforms feature a number of pathways, compartments and plumbing and electrical cabling systems.
Front Street Gym has been training boxers for over 50 years. Teaching boxers from a very young age the art of fighting and how to use those endorphins to keep them out of trouble outside of class.
Hailstones are formed when raindrops are carried upward by thunderstorm updrafts into extremely cold areas of the atmosphere and freeze. Hailstones then grow by colliding with liquid water drops that freeze onto the hailstone’s surface. If the water freezes instantaneously when colliding with the hailstone, cloudy ice will form as air bubbles will be trapped in the newly formed ice. However, if the water freezes slowly, the air bubbles can escape and the new ice will be clear. The hail falls when the thunderstorm's updraft can no longer support the weight of the hailstone, which can occur if the stone becomes large enough or the updraft weakens.
"Mission: Impossible — Rogue Nation" is the fifth installment of the successful 20-year-old spy franchise, based on the iconic, eponymous 1960s TV series. With 53-year-old Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise still at the helm, the intelligent thriller offers an excellent plot and breathtaking action.
The soil stores moisture during cooler weather. But most of that moisture is gone by the middle or end of the hottest months of the year. Trees and other plants can look thirsty. Leaves can become droopy and hang downward. They can also turn yellow. Yellowing can be a sign of too much water. But it can also be a warning sign of too little water.
Ndoro says she often awakes in the early hours of the morning to make notes for her show.
Many states have made it easier to vote by mail to address voters’ concerns about public gatherings at election precincts during the coronavirus pandemic.
Rachel Solomon has been a Comedy Club member at the school for two years. This year, she wrote a skit based on her personal experience.
Ms. Rice underwent a one-and-a-half hour uterine fibroid embolization at a Washington hospital Friday. The operation, an alternative to hysterectomy, shrinks fibroid tumors and allows for a rapid recovery.
The program is in its 60th year, and in addition to serving kids by phone it includes a website that shows Santa’s location along with constantly updating statistics about his trip.
Malawi's Supreme Court has banned the death penalty, ruling it unconstitutional because it negates the right to life. Some Malawians hail the ruling, while others denounced the decision as removing a major deterrent to serious crime.
Some Hong Kong and international toy companies have pondered moving production to countries with lower costs, such as Vietnam or India. But most toy makers and buyers say that because of China's decades of expertise and developed infrastructure, it will remain the world's toy factory.
An example of citizen science is a project called Project BudBurst. Over the past six growing seasons, Project BudBurst has used thousands of volunteer observers. They record when local plants develop their leaves, flowers and fruit. The observations go into a huge database. Then plant scientists can study the data to look for changes over time. Project director Sandra Henderson says participatory science like this is an idea that is growing quickly.
Those iconic photographs, now on display in Washington, include 1970s superstars David Bowie and Freddie Mercury, as well as current talents such as Bono, Lady Gaga and Janelle Monae.
Several thousand fans showed up to watch the USA-Germany game on big screens in a Washington neighborhood.
To the sounds of music, they stretched and danced, and twirled ribbons and hoops, as a team of judges graded their performances. Alla Svirsky formed the Los Angeles School of Gymnastics 30 years ago, and coached the U.S. rhythmic gymnastics team in the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics.
According to a new World Bank publication, by the year 2050 world income will reach more than 135 trillion dollars, up from 35 trillion dollars today. For many analysts this growing wealth is proof that "globalization," the term generally used for adopting a free-market economy and integrating into world markets, is improving the lives of many people around the world. But critics say fast economic growth has been, at best, uneven in many parts of the world and has had a negative impact on the environment, energy consumption, social justice and international security.
Much attention recently has been given to efforts to unionize corporate giants Amazon and Starbucks in the United States. However, the ILO report highlights the important role collective bargaining plays in developing, as well as developed countries. Lead author of the ILO report Susan Hayter says 57 of the agreements reviewed were in African countries. She says country studies found that collective bargaining in those countries is as effective, if not in some ways more effective, than in developed countries.
Stories of shark attacks are unnerving for those who enjoy swimming in the ocean. They deepen the controversy about how close humans should even get to these animals. While defenders of sharks acknowledge they should be treated with a healthy dose of fear, they also say sharks are highly misunderstood. Of over 380 types of sharks, only 3 or 4 kinds are known to attack humans, and there are fewer than 80 such attacks a year. On the other hand, many types of sharks are on the verge of extinction, due to human fishing practices. VOA-TV's Zulima Palacio went diving with a woman who takes divers under water to experience "swimming with sharks".
She had 102 loyal clients who paid an average of $150 for extensions, braiding, haircuts and other salon services. Like many small-business owners, she is struggling now to pay the rent, other business expenses and her home mortgage, and to put food on the table for her two children, a 13-year-old daughter named Zeal and a 2-year-old son, Zion. The single mom also has two employees she’s concerned about.
Bongani, now 15, but first compelled by his mother's illness to assume the mantle of adult and parent at age-13, hovers between stoicism, determination, and wistfulness. He is stoic about seeing to his small family's daily routines of hygiene, nutrition, and getting to school.
Investigators found many genes that influence a person's susceptibility to bipolar disorder. Researchers also pinpointed a genetic region that increased a person's risk of coronary artery disease by almost 50 percent.
We started to talk last week about college recruiting companies. Their business is to connect students and schools. Who pays them? It depends. The college might, if the recruiter was working for the college. Or the student might, if the recruiter was working for the student.
Researchers say the Martian bedrock shows evidence of multiple periods of wet conditions. Clay minerals, which indicate water, are present in the grayish sample of Martian rock.
Seven months ago, chefs from a Lebanese social enterprise named Souk el Tayeb began teaching the women new cooking skills, including such traditional dishes as samke harra — fish stuffed with pine nuts, coriander and chili sauce — and ma'amoul cookies.
The students' complaints focus on harsh living conditions and bad administration. Schools budgets are declining and corruption is widespread. Admission often depends on parents' connections rather than a pupil's merit.
For years, supermarkets have offered ready-to-eat salads, sandwiches, pizzas and a variety of other meals in their refrigerated sections. Some supermarkets have now gone a step further, opening cafes, restaurants and in-store kitchens with chefs preparing gourmet specialties. They are taking the advice of marketing experts who follow the latest trends in consumer lifestyles and who closely monitor public concerns about nutrition, health and food safety.
A periscope is an optical instrument that uses a system of prisms, lenses or mirrors to reflect images through a tube. Light from a distant object strikes the top mirror and is then reflected at an angle of 90 degrees down the periscope tube. At the bottom of the periscope, the light strikes another mirror and is then reflected into the viewer’s eye. This simple periscope uses only flat mirrors as compared to the periscopes used on submarines, which are usually a complex optical system using both lenses and mirrors.
Some analysts say the opposition party's indecisiveness cost it in the March elections.
Many rulers, such as the Fatimids, the Ayyubids, the Mamelukes and the Ottomans, controlled Egypt over the centuries. Starting in the late nineteenth century, Britain controlled the country for about seventy years. Each of these cultures left its mark on the culture and building design of Cairo.
Read this paragraph carefully and remember this: Pescara is a pass through the Apennines, the mountain range that extends the length of the Italian Peninsula. You might call this trivia, or some sort of geography lesson. But in fact, it's an example of a new kind of exercise. Not for your muscles, but for that blob inside your skull. New federally-funded research shows that ten mental drills each day keep the brain fit today and help fend off forgetfulness in middle and old age.